The paper title is "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions.
The faculty author of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions is Justine Cassell.
The paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions are Yann Raphalen, C. Clavel, Justine Cassell.
The publication ID of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper "You might think about slightly revising the title”: Identifying Hedges in Peer-tutoring Interactions is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Hedges have an important role in the management of rapport. In peer-tutoring, they are notably used by tutors in dyads experiencing low rapport to tone down the impact of instructions and negative feedback.Pursuing the objective of building a tutoring agent that manages rapport with teenagers in order to improve learning, we used a multimodal peer-tutoring dataset to construct a computational framework for identifying hedges. We compared approaches relying on pre-trained resources with others that integrate insights from the social science literature. Our best performance involved a hybrid approach that outperforms the existing baseline while being easier to interpret. We employ a model explainability tool to explore the features that characterize hedges in peer-tutoring conversations, and we identify some novel features, and the benefits of a such a hybrid model approach.
