The paper title is A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge.
The faculty author of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge are Siddhant Arora, Hayato Futami, Shih-Lun Wu, Jessica Huynh, Yifan Peng, Yosuke Kashiwagi, E. Tsunoo, Brian Yan, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge is 0d6f7fba-7092-46b3-8039-93458dba736b.
The publication name of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge is IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication type of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge are Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, IEEE Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, ICASSP, International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication url of the paper A Study on the Integration of Pipeline and E2E SLU Systems for Spoken Semantic Parsing Toward Stop Quality Challenge is http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000002.
The paper abstract is Recently there have been efforts to introduce new benchmark tasks for spoken language understanding (SLU), like semantic parsing. In this paper, we describe our proposed spoken semantic parsing system for the quality track (Track 1) in Spoken Language Understanding Grand Challenge which is part of ICASSP Signal Processing Grand Challenge 2023. We experiment with both end-to-end and pipeline systems for this task. Strong automatic speech recognition (ASR) models like Whisper and pretrained Language models (LM) like BART are utilized inside our SLU framework to boost performance. We also investigate the output level combination of various models to get an exact match accuracy of 80.8, which won the 1st place at the challenge.
