The paper title is Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF.
The faculty author of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF is Yiming Yang.
The paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF are Zhiqing Sun, Sheng Shen, Shengcao Cao, Haotian Liu, Chunyuan Li, Yikang Shen, Chuang Gan, Liangyan Gui, Yu-Xiong Wang, Yiming Yang, K. Keutzer, Trevor Darrell.
The publication ID of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Aligning Large Multimodal Models with Factually Augmented RLHF is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Large Multimodal Models (LMM) are built across modalities and the misalignment between two modalities can result in"hallucination", generating textual outputs that are not grounded by the multimodal information in context. To address the multimodal misalignment issue, we adapt the Reinforcement Learning from Human Feedback (RLHF) from the text domain to the task of vision-language alignment, where human annotators are asked to compare two responses and pinpoint the more hallucinated one, and the vision-language model is trained to maximize the simulated human rewards. We propose a new alignment algorithm called Factually Augmented RLHF that augments the reward model with additional factual information such as image captions and ground-truth multi-choice options, which alleviates the reward hacking phenomenon in RLHF and further improves the performance. We also enhance the GPT-4-generated training data (for vision instruction tuning) with previously available human-written image-text pairs to improve the general capabilities of our model. To evaluate the proposed approach in real-world scenarios, we develop a new evaluation benchmark MMHAL-BENCH with a special focus on penalizing hallucinations. As the first LMM trained with RLHF, our approach achieves remarkable improvement on the LLaVA-Bench dataset with the 94% performance level of the text-only GPT-4 (while previous best methods can only achieve the 87% level), and an improvement by 60% on MMHAL-BENCH over other baselines. We opensource our code, model, data at https://llava-rlhf.github.io.
