The paper title is An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study.
The faculty author of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study are J. Waldock, C. Weiss, Wei Wang, M. Levine, Stacie N. Jefferson, S. Ho, K. Hoschler, B. Londt, E. Masat, Louise A. Carolan, Stephany Sánchez-Ovando, A. Fox, Shinji Watanabe, Miki Akimoto, Aya Sato, N. Kishida, A. Buys, Lorens Maake, Cardia Fourie, Catherine Caillet, Sandrine Raynaud, R. Webby, J. Debeauchamp, R. Cox, Sarah Lartey, C. Trombetta, S. Marchi, E. Montomoli, I. Sanz-Muñoz, J. Eiros, Javier Sánchez-Martínez, D. Duijsings, O. Engelhardt.
The publication ID of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is 3f7605a7-7e53-4ff7-8895-42f09a5f4355.
The publication name of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is Frontiers in Immunology.
The publication type of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study are Front Immunol.
The publication issn of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is 1664-3224.
The publication url of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study is http://www.frontiersin.org/immunology.
Publication alternate urls of the paper An external quality assessment feasibility study; cross laboratory comparison of haemagglutination inhibition assay and microneutralization assay performance for seasonal influenza serology testing: A FLUCOP study are https://www.frontiersin.org/journals/immunology, http://journal.frontiersin.org/journal/immunology.
The paper abstract is Introduction External Quality Assessment (EQA) schemes are designed to provide a snapshot of laboratory proficiency, identifying issues and providing feedback to improve laboratory performance and inter-laboratory agreement in testing. Currently there are no international EQA schemes for seasonal influenza serology testing. Here we present a feasibility study for conducting an EQA scheme for influenza serology methods. Methods We invited participant laboratories from industry, contract research organizations (CROs), academia and public health institutions who regularly conduct hemagglutination inhibition (HAI) and microneutralization (MN) assays and have an interest in serology standardization. In total 16 laboratories returned data including 19 data sets for HAI assays and 9 data sets for MN assays. Results Within run analysis demonstrated good laboratory performance for HAI, with intrinsically higher levels of intra-assay variation for MN assays. Between run analysis showed laboratory and strain specific issues, particularly with B strains for HAI, whilst MN testing was consistently good across labs and strains. Inter-laboratory variability was higher for MN assays than HAI, however both assays showed a significant reduction in inter-laboratory variation when a human sera pool is used as a standard for normalization. Discussion This study has received positive feedback from participants, highlighting the benefit such an EQA scheme would have on improving laboratory performance, reducing inter laboratory variation and raising awareness of both harmonized protocol use and the benefit of biological standards for seasonal influenza serology testing.
