The paper title is Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology.
The faculty author of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is Yiming Yang.
The paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology are Yiping Yan, Wenpeng Lu, Taiping Tian, Nan Shu, Yiming Yang, Shutian Fan, Xianyan Han, Yunhua Ge, Peilei Xu.
The publication ID of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is 91b19bbf-b6f0-46c2-bbec-6bcfb5463d4d.
The publication name of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is Molecules.
The publication type of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is journal.
The publication issn of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is 1420-3049.
The publication url of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology is http://www.e-helvetica.nb.admin.ch/directAccess?callnumber=bel-165877.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Analysis of Volatile Components in Dried Fruits and Branch Exudates of Schisandra chinensis with Different Fruit Colors Using GC-IMS Technology are http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:ch:bel-165877, https://www.mdpi.com/journal/molecules, https://link.springer.com/journal/40895, http://www.mdpi.com/journal/molecules/.
The paper abstract is To investigate the volatile components of Schisandra chinensis (Turcz.) Bail (commonly known as northern Schisandra) of different colors and to explore their similarities and differences, to identify the main flavor substances in the volatile components of the branch exudates of northern schisandra, and finally to establish a fingerprint map of the volatile components of the dried fruits and branch exudates of northern Schisandra of different colors, we used GC-IMS technology to analyze the volatile components of the dried fruits and branch exudates of three different colors of northern Schisandra and established a fingerprint spectra. The results showed that a total of 60 different volatile chemical components were identified in the branch exudates and dried fruits of Schisandra. The components of germplasm resources with different fruit colors were significantly different. The ion mobility spectrum and OPLS-DA results showed that white and yellow fruits were more similar compared to red fruits. The volatile components in dried fruits were significantly higher than those in branch exudates. After VIP (variable importance in projection) screening, 41 key volatile substances in dried fruits and 30 key volatile substances in branch exudates were obtained. After screening by odor activity value (OAV), there were 24 volatile components greater than 1 in both dried fruits and branch exudates. The most important contributing volatile substance was 3-methyl-butanal, and the most important contributing volatile substance in white fruit was (E)-2-hexenal.
