The paper title is Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses.
The faculty author of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses are E. Takashita, S. Murakami, Y. Matsuzaki, Seiichiro Fujisaki, H. Morita, Shiho Nagata, Misa Katayama, K. Mizuta, H. Nishimura, Shinji Watanabe, T. Horimoto, H. Hasegawa.
The publication ID of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is 33a3a6f1-cd60-4248-bbd4-c85fe26b801a.
The publication name of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is Viruses.
The publication type of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is journal.
The publication issn of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is 1999-4915.
The publication url of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses is http://www.e-helvetica.nb.admin.ch/directAccess?callnumber=bel-160271.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Antiviral Susceptibilities of Distinct Lineages of Influenza C and D Viruses are http://www.mdpi.com/journal/viruses/, http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:ch:bel-160271, https://www.mdpi.com/journal/viruses.
The paper abstract is The emergence and spread of antiviral-resistant influenza viruses are of great concern. To minimize the public health risk, it is important to monitor antiviral susceptibilities of influenza viruses. Analyses of the antiviral susceptibilities of influenza A and B viruses have been conducted globally; however, those of influenza C and D viruses are limited. Here, we determined the susceptibilities of influenza C viruses representing all six lineages (C/Taylor, C/Yamagata, C/Sao Paulo, C/Aichi, C/Kanagawa, and C/Mississippi) and influenza D viruses representing four lineages (D/OK, D/660, D/Yama2016, and D/Yama2019) to RNA polymerase inhibitors (baloxavir and favipiravir) by using a focus reduction assay. All viruses tested were susceptible to both drugs. We then performed a genetic analysis to check for amino acid substitutions associated with baloxavir and favipiravir resistance and found that none of the viruses tested possessed these substitutions. Use of the focus reduction assay with the genotypic assay has proven valuable for monitoring the antiviral susceptibilities of influenza C and D viruses as well as influenza A and B viruses. Antiviral susceptibility monitoring of all influenza virus types should continue in order to assess the public health risks posed by these viruses.
