The paper title is Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study.
The faculty author of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is Yiming Yang.
The paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study are Jinzhan Chen, Cong-jun Xie, Yiming Yang, Shuwen Yang, Jin-xiang Huang, Feiyang Ye, Zhenyang Lin, L. Tong, Jiaxin Liu.
The publication ID of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is 6ec15f55-3f39-4e6e-81c4-b0f2aa166058.
The publication name of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is BMC Pulmonary Medicine.
The publication type of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study are BMC Pulm Med.
The publication issn of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is 1471-2466.
The publication url of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study is http://www.biomedcentral.com/bmcpulmmed/.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Association between albumin-to-globulin ratio and the risk of overall survival in advanced non-small cell lung cancer patients with anlotinib treatment: a retrospective cohort study are https://link.springer.com/journal/12890, https://bmcpulmmed.biomedcentral.com/, http://www.pubmedcentral.nih.gov/tocrender.fcgi?journal=64.
The paper abstract is None
