The paper title is ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages.
The faculty author of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages is Graham Neubig.
The paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages are Nathaniel R. Robinson, Perez Ogayo, David R. Mortensen, Graham Neubig.
The publication ID of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages is 9aacb914-3edf-4e02-b8fe-5abf21c4d2ba.
The publication name of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages is Conference on Machine Translation.
The publication type of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper ChatGPT MT: Competitive for High- (but Not Low-) Resource Languages are WMT, Conf Mach Transl.
The paper abstract is Large language models (LLMs) implicitly learn to perform a range of language tasks, including machine translation (MT). Previous studies explore aspects of LLMs’ MT capabilities. However, there exist a wide variety of languages for which recent LLM MT performance has never before been evaluated. Without published experimental evidence on the matter, it is difficult for speakers of the world’s diverse languages to know how and whether they can use LLMs for their languages. We present the first experimental evidence for an expansive set of 204 languages, along with MT cost analysis, using the FLORES-200 benchmark. Trends reveal that GPT models approach or exceed traditional MT model performance for some high-resource languages (HRLs) but consistently lag for low-resource languages (LRLs), under-performing traditional MT for 84.1% of languages we covered. Our analysis reveals that a language’s resource level is the most important feature in determining ChatGPT’s relative ability to translate it, and suggests that ChatGPT is especially disadvantaged for LRLs and African languages.
