The paper title is CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code.
The faculty author of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code is Graham Neubig.
The paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code are Shuyan Zhou, Uri Alon, Sumit Agarwal, Graham Neubig.
The publication ID of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code is 41bf9ed3-85b3-4c90-b015-150e31690253.
The publication name of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code is Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
The publication type of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code are Empir Method Nat Lang Process, Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, Conf Empir Method Nat Lang Process, EMNLP.
The publication url of the paper CodeBERTScore: Evaluating Code Generation with Pretrained Models of Code is https://www.aclweb.org/portal/emnlp.
The paper abstract is Since the rise of neural natural-language-to-code models (NL->Code) that can generate long expressions and statements rather than a single next-token, one of the major problems has been reliably evaluating their generated output. In this paper, we propose CodeBERTScore: an evaluation metric for code generation, which builds on BERTScore (Zhang et al., 2020). Instead of encoding only the generated tokens as in BERTScore, CodeBERTScore also encodes the natural language input preceding the generated code, thus modeling the consistency between the generated code and its given natural language context as well. We perform an extensive evaluation of CodeBERTScore across four programming languages. We find that CodeBERTScore achieves a higher correlation with human preference and with functional correctness than all existing metrics. That is, generated code that receives a higher score by CodeBERTScore is more likely to be preferred by humans, as well as to function correctly when executed. We release five language-specific pretrained models to use with our publicly available code. Our language-specific models have been downloaded more than 1,000,000 times from the Huggingface Hub. Our code and data are available at https://github.com/neulab/code-bert-score
