The paper title is Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds.
The faculty author of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is Yiming Yang.
The paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds are W. Cao, Nan Shu, Yiming Yang, Jinli Wen, Wenpeng Lu.
The publication ID of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is 73b67cad-1e6d-429d-a23b-323205264775.
The publication name of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is Journal of Berry Research.
The publication type of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds are J Berry Res.
The publication issn of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is 1878-5093.
The publication url of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds is http://content.iospress.com/journals/journal-of-berry-research.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Comprehensive evaluation of nine grape varieties based on fundamental physical and chemical indicators, color and volatile compounds are http://www.iospress.nl/loadtop/load.php?isbn=18785093.
The paper abstract is BACKGROUND: In todays’ society, the rapid development of the wine industry and the improvement of peoples’ living standards make people pay more and more attention to wine grape quality. OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the wine grape varieties in Northeast Chinas’ grape growing regions for better wine grape quality, we evaluated the quality of different varieties of wine grapes. METHODS: The grape varieties ‘Hassan’ ‘Zuoshaner’ ‘Beibinghong’ ‘Zuoyouhong’ ‘Beta’ ‘Shuanghong’ ‘Zijingganlu’ ‘Cabernet Sauvignon’ and ‘Syrah’ were planted in the grape growing area of Jilin, Northeast China, were used as the subjects of this study. The grape berries were analyzed and tested for morphological indicators, basic physicochemical indicators, color, and phenolic and aromatic composition. RESULTS: According to lab results, ‘Hassan’ contained the highest amount of total phenolics; ‘Zuoyouhong’ had the highest solids and total sugar content; ‘Shuanghong’ had the most elevated total acid and anthocyanin content; ‘Zijngganlu’ had the highest tannin content and acid fixation ratio; Seventy-one volatile compounds were detected in nine grape varieties. CONCLUSIONS: Each of the nine grape varieties has a distinctive flavor, and because of this, grape processing products with regional flavors can be created. The same offer valuable data for future scientific grape resource collection, conservation, and exploitation.
