The paper title is Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models.
The faculty author of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is Yiming Yang.
The paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models are Lei Zhao, Chengcheng Liu, Youhua H. Wang, Yiming Yang.
The publication ID of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is 56b2c7b1-9097-409d-926a-142a3d4ab5d1.
The publication name of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is International Journal of Applied Electromagnetics and Mechanics.
The publication type of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models are International journal of applied electromagnetics and mechanics, Int j appl electromagn mech, Int J Appl Electromagn Mech.
The publication issn of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is 0925-2096.
The publication url of the paper Core loss analysis of soft magnetic composite under non-sinusoidal excitation based on finite element models is http://content.iospress.com/journals/international-journal-of-applied-electromagnetics-and-mechanics.
The paper abstract is Due to the effect of higher harmonics on magnetic properties under actual complex operating conditions, the accurate calculation of core losses of soft magnetic composites (SMC) is complicated. First, this paper improves the existing SMC model by introducing a correction factor to correct the hysteresis loss coefficient so that the model can consider the local variation characteristics of the magnetic density waveform and then calculate the core loss under different harmonic excitation. Then, the influence of skin effect and inhomogeneous flux density within the ring sample model is analyzed. Finally, to validate the improved model, it is compared with other models in the reference based on experimental measurements, respectively. The results show that the core loss calculated by the improved model is closer to the experimental results under different harmonic excitations. In addition, the applicability of the improved SMC model under triangular and square wave excitations is also verified by the derivation of the equations.
