The paper title is Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias.
The faculty author of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias is Louis-Philippe Morency.
The paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias are Victoria Lin, Louis-Philippe Morency, D. Dimitriadis, Srinagesh Sharma.
The publication ID of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias is 41bf9ed3-85b3-4c90-b015-150e31690253.
The publication name of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias is Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
The publication type of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias are Empir Method Nat Lang Process, Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, Conf Empir Method Nat Lang Process, EMNLP.
The publication url of the paper Counterfactual Augmentation for Multimodal Learning Under Presentation Bias is https://www.aclweb.org/portal/emnlp.
The paper abstract is In real-world machine learning systems, labels are often derived from user behaviors that the system wishes to encourage. Over time, new models must be trained as new training examples and features become available. However, feedback loops between users and models can bias future user behavior, inducing a presentation bias in the labels that compromises the ability to train new models. In this paper, we propose counterfactual augmentation, a novel causal method for correcting presentation bias using generated counterfactual labels. Our empirical evaluations demonstrate that counterfactual augmentation yields better downstream performance compared to both uncorrected models and existing bias-correction methods. Model analyses further indicate that the generated counterfactuals align closely with true counterfactuals in an oracle setting.
