The paper title is DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions.
The faculty author of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions is Graham Neubig.
The paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions are Vijay Viswanathan, Luyu Gao, Tongshuang Sherry Wu, Pengfei Liu, Graham Neubig.
The publication ID of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper DataFinder: Scientific Dataset Recommendation from Natural Language Descriptions is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Modern machine learning relies on datasets to develop and validate research ideas. Given the growth of publicly available data, finding the right dataset to use is increasingly difficult. Any research question imposes explicit and implicit constraints on how well a given dataset will enable researchers to answer this question, such as dataset size, modality, and domain. We operationalize the task of recommending datasets given a short natural language description of a research idea, to help people find relevant datasets for their needs. Dataset recommendation poses unique challenges as an information retrieval problem; datasets are hard to directly index for search and there are no corpora readily available for this task. To facilitate this task, we build the DataFinder Dataset which consists of a larger automatically-constructed training set (17.5K queries) and a smaller expert-annotated evaluation set (392 queries). Using this data, we compare various information retrieval algorithms on our test set and present a superior bi-encoder retriever for text-based dataset recommendation. This system, trained on the DataFinder Dataset, finds more relevant search results than existing third-party dataset search engines. To encourage progress on dataset recommendation, we release our dataset and models to the public.
