The paper title is Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation.
The faculty author of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation are E. Tsunoo, Hayato Futami, Yosuke Kashiwagi, Siddhant Arora, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Decoder-only Architecture for Speech Recognition with CTC Prompts and Text Data Augmentation is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Collecting audio-text pairs is expensive; however, it is much easier to access text-only data. Unless using shallow fusion, end-to-end automatic speech recognition (ASR) models require architecture modifications or additional training schemes to use text-only data. Inspired by recent advances in decoder-only language models (LMs), such as GPT-3 and PaLM adopted for speech-processing tasks, we propose using a decoder-only architecture for ASR with simple text augmentation. To provide audio information, encoder features compressed by CTC prediction are used as prompts for the decoder, which can be regarded as refining CTC prediction using the decoder-only model. Because the decoder architecture is the same as an autoregressive LM, it is simple to enhance the model by leveraging external text data with LM training. An experimental comparison using LibriSpeech and Switchboard shows that our proposed models with text augmentation training reduced word error rates from ordinary CTC by 0.3% and 1.4% on LibriSpeech test-clean and testother set, respectively, and 2.9% and 5.0% on Switchboard and CallHome. The proposed model had advantage on computational efficiency compared with conventional encoder-decoder ASR models with a similar parameter setup, and outperformed them on the LibriSpeech 100h and Switchboard training scenarios.
