The paper title is DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization.
The faculty author of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization is Yiming Yang.
The paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization are Zhiqing Sun, Yiming Yang.
The publication ID of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization is d9720b90-d60b-48bc-9df8-87a30b9a60dd.
The publication name of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization is Neural Information Processing Systems.
The publication type of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization are Neural Inf Process Syst, NeurIPS, NIPS.
The publication url of the paper DIFUSCO: Graph-based Diffusion Solvers for Combinatorial Optimization is http://neurips.cc/.
The paper abstract is Neural network-based Combinatorial Optimization (CO) methods have shown promising results in solving various NP-complete (NPC) problems without relying on hand-crafted domain knowledge. This paper broadens the current scope of neural solvers for NPC problems by introducing a new graph-based diffusion framework, namely DIFUSCO. Our framework casts NPC problems as discrete {0, 1}-vector optimization problems and leverages graph-based denoising diffusion models to generate high-quality solutions. We investigate two types of diffusion models with Gaussian and Bernoulli noise, respectively, and devise an effective inference schedule to enhance the solution quality. We evaluate our methods on two well-studied NPC combinatorial optimization problems: Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Maximal Independent Set (MIS). Experimental results show that DIFUSCO strongly outperforms the previous state-of-the-art neural solvers, improving the performance gap between ground-truth and neural solvers from 1.76% to 0.46% on TSP-500, from 2.46% to 1.17% on TSP-1000, and from 3.19% to 2.58% on TSP10000. For the MIS problem, DIFUSCO outperforms the previous state-of-the-art neural solver on the challenging SATLIB benchmark.
