The paper title is Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains.
The faculty author of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains is Graham Neubig.
The paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains are Yuchen Zhou, Emmy Liu, Graham Neubig, Leila Wehbe.
The publication ID of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Divergences between Language Models and Human Brains is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Do machines and humans process language in similar ways? Recent research has hinted in the affirmative, finding that brain signals can be effectively predicted using the internal representations of language models (LMs). Although such results are thought to reflect shared computational principles between LMs and human brains, there are also clear differences in how LMs and humans represent and use language. In this work, we systematically explore the divergences between human and machine language processing by examining the differences between LM representations and human brain responses to language as measured by Magnetoencephalography (MEG) across two datasets in which subjects read and listened to narrative stories. Using a data-driven approach, we identify two domains that are not captured well by LMs: social/emotional intelligence and physical commonsense. We then validate these domains with human behavioral experiments and show that fine-tuning LMs on these domains can improve their alignment with human brain responses.
