The paper title is Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation.
The faculty author of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation is Emma Strubell.
The paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation are Hao Peng, Qingqing Cao, Jesse Dodge, Matthew E. Peters, Jared Fernandez, Tom Sherborne, Kyle Lo, Sam Skjonsberg, Emma Strubell, Darrell Plessas, Iz Beltagy, Pete Walsh, Noah A. Smith, Hannaneh Hajishirzi.
The publication ID of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Efficiency Pentathlon: A Standardized Arena for Efficiency Evaluation is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Rising computational demands of modern natural language processing (NLP) systems have increased the barrier to entry for cutting-edge research while posing serious environmental concerns. Yet, progress on model efficiency has been impeded by practical challenges in model evaluation and comparison. For example, hardware is challenging to control due to disparate levels of accessibility across different institutions. Moreover, improvements in metrics such as FLOPs often fail to translate to progress in real-world applications. In response, we introduce Pentathlon, a benchmark for holistic and realistic evaluation of model efficiency. Pentathlon focuses on inference, which accounts for a majority of the compute in a model's lifecycle. It offers a strictly-controlled hardware platform, and is designed to mirror real-world applications scenarios. It incorporates a suite of metrics that target different aspects of efficiency, including latency, throughput, memory overhead, and energy consumption. Pentathlon also comes with a software library that can be seamlessly integrated into any codebase and enable evaluation. As a standardized and centralized evaluation platform, Pentathlon can drastically reduce the workload to make fair and reproducible efficiency comparisons. While initially focused on natural language processing (NLP) models, Pentathlon is designed to allow flexible extension to other fields. We envision Pentathlon will stimulate algorithmic innovations in building efficient models, and foster an increased awareness of the social and environmental implications in the development of future-generation NLP models.
