The paper title is End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey.
The faculty author of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey are Rohit Prabhavalkar, Takaaki Hori, Tara N. Sainath, R. Schluter, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey is 309e00f7-4bbd-461f-ab37-a90cd14ef21d.
The publication name of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey is IEEE/ACM Transactions on Audio Speech and Language Processing.
Publication alternate names of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey are IEEE/ACM Trans Audio Speech Lang Process.
The publication issn of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey is 2329-9290.
The publication url of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey is https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/servlet/opac?punumber=6570655.
Publication alternate urls of the paper End-to-End Speech Recognition: A Survey are https://signalprocessingsociety.org/publications-resources/ieeeacm-transactions-audio-speech-and-language-processing/ieeeacm.
The paper abstract is In the last decade of automatic speech recognition (ASR) research, the introduction of deep learning has brought considerable reductions in word error rate of more than 50% relative, compared to modeling without deep learning. In the wake of this transition, a number of all-neural ASR architectures have been introduced. These so-called end-to-end (E2E) models provide highly integrated, completely neural ASR models, which rely strongly on general machine learning knowledge, learn more consistently from data, with lower dependence on ASR domain-specific experience. The success and enthusiastic adoption of deep learning, accompanied by more generic model architectures has led to E2E models now becoming the prominent ASR approach. The goal of this survey is to provide a taxonomy of E2E ASR models and corresponding improvements, and to discuss their properties and their relationship to classical hidden Markov model (HMM) based ASR architectures. All relevant aspects of E2E ASR are covered in this work: modeling, training, decoding, and external language model integration, discussions of performance and deployment opportunities, as well as an outlook into potential future developments.
