The paper title is Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization.
The faculty author of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization are A. Hussein, Brian Yan, Antonios Anastasopoulos, Shinji Watanabe, S. Khudanpur.
The publication ID of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Enhancing End-to-End Conversational Speech Translation Through Target Language Context Utilization is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Incorporating longer context has been shown to benefit machine translation, but the inclusion of context in end-to-end speech translation (E2E-ST) remains under-studied. To bridge this gap, we introduce target language context in E2E-ST, enhancing coherence and overcoming memory constraints of extended audio segments. Additionally, we propose context dropout to ensure robustness to the absence of context, and further improve performance by adding speaker information. Our proposed contextual E2E-ST outperforms the isolated utterance-based E2E-ST approach. Lastly, we demonstrate that in conversational speech, contextual information primarily contributes to capturing context style, as well as resolving anaphora and named entities.
