The paper title is Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets.
The faculty author of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets are Jiatong Shi, Yun Tang, Ann Lee, H. Inaguma, Changhan Wang, J. Pino, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets is 0d6f7fba-7092-46b3-8039-93458dba736b.
The publication name of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets is IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication type of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets are Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, IEEE Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, ICASSP, International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication url of the paper Enhancing Speech-To-Speech Translation with Multiple TTS Targets is http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000002.
The paper abstract is It has been known that direct speech-to-speech translation (S2ST) models usually suffer from the data scarcity issue because of the limited existing parallel materials for both source and target speech. Therefore to train a direct S2ST system, previous works usually utilize text-to-speech (TTS) systems to generate samples in the target language by augmenting the data from speech-to-text translation (S2TT). However, there is a limited investigation into how the synthesized target speech would affect the S2ST models. In this work, we analyze the effect of changing synthesized target speech for direct S2ST models. We find that simply combining the target speech from different TTS systems can potentially improve the S2ST performances. Following that, we also propose a multi-task framework that jointly optimizes the S2ST system with multiple targets from different TTS systems. Extensive experiments demonstrate that our proposed framework achieves consistent improvements (2.8 BLEU) over the baselines on the Fisher Spanish-English dataset.
