The paper title is Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology.
The faculty author of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology is Mona Diab.
The paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology are Elizabeth Salesky, Kareem Darwish, Mohamed Al-Badrashiny, Mona T. Diab, J. Niehues.
The publication ID of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology is 5020dc0a-7e2f-43e6-9543-389c0c6d864d.
The publication name of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology is International Workshop on Spoken Language Translation.
The publication type of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Evaluating Multilingual Speech Translation under Realistic Conditions with Resegmentation and Terminology are IWSLT, Int Workshop Spok Lang Transl.
The paper abstract is We present the ACL 60/60 evaluation sets for multilingual translation of ACL 2022 technical presentations into 10 target languages. This dataset enables further research into multilingual speech translation under realistic recording conditions with unsegmented audio and domain-specific terminology, applying NLP tools to text and speech in the technical domain, and evaluating and improving model robustness to diverse speaker demographics.
