The paper title is Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ.
The faculty author of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ is Carolyn Rosé.
The paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ are J. Chao, Rebecca Ellis, Shiyan Jiang, C. Rosé, W. Finzer, Can Tatar, James Fiacco, Kenia Wiedemann.
The publication ID of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ is bdc2e585-4e48-4e36-8af1-6d859763d405.
The publication name of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ is AAAI Conference on Artificial Intelligence.
The publication type of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ are National Conference on Artificial Intelligence, National Conf Artif Intell, AAAI Conf Artif Intell, AAAI.
The publication url of the paper Exploring Artificial Intelligence in English Language Arts with StoryQ is http://www.aaai.org/.
The paper abstract is Exploring Artificial Intelligence (AI) in English Language Arts (ELA) with StoryQ is a 10-hour curriculum module designed for high school ELA classes. The module introduces students to fundamental AI concepts and essential machine learning workflow using StoryQ, a web-based GUI environment for Grades 6-12 learners. In this module, students work with unstructured text data and learn to train, test, and improve text classification models such as intent recognition, clickbait filter, and sentiment analysis. As they interact with machine-learning language models deeply, students also gain a nuanced understanding of language and how to wield it, not just as a data structure, but as a tool in our human-human encounters as well. The current version contains eight lessons, all delivered through a full-featured online learning and teaching platform. Computers and Internet access are required to implement the module. The module was piloted in an ELA class in the Spring of 2022, and the student learning outcomes were positive. The module is currently undergoing revision and will be further tested and improved in Fall 2022.
