The paper title is Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments.
The faculty author of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments is Bhiksha Raj.
The paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments are Thanh-Dat Truong, Hoang-Quan Nguyen, B. Raj, Khoa Luu.
The publication ID of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments is d9720b90-d60b-48bc-9df8-87a30b9a60dd.
The publication name of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments is Neural Information Processing Systems.
The publication type of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments are Neural Inf Process Syst, NeurIPS, NIPS.
The publication url of the paper Fairness Continual Learning Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding in Open-World Environments is http://neurips.cc/.
The paper abstract is Continual semantic segmentation aims to learn new classes while maintaining the information from the previous classes. Although prior studies have shown impressive progress in recent years, the fairness concern in the continual semantic segmentation needs to be better addressed. Meanwhile, fairness is one of the most vital factors in deploying the deep learning model, especially in human-related or safety applications. In this paper, we present a novel Fairness Continual Learning approach to the semantic segmentation problem. In particular, under the fairness objective, a new fairness continual learning framework is proposed based on class distributions. Then, a novel Prototypical Contrastive Clustering loss is proposed to address the significant challenges in continual learning, i.e., catastrophic forgetting and background shift. Our proposed loss has also been proven as a novel, generalized learning paradigm of knowledge distillation commonly used in continual learning. Moreover, the proposed Conditional Structural Consistency loss further regularized the structural constraint of the predicted segmentation. Our proposed approach has achieved State-of-the-Art performance on three standard scene understanding benchmarks, i.e., ADE20K, Cityscapes, and Pascal VOC, and promoted the fairness of the segmentation model.
