The paper title is FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN.
The faculty author of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN is Alexander Waibel.
The paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN are Sweta Agrawal, Antonios Anastasopoulos, L. Bentivogli, Ondrej Bojar, Claudia Borg, Marine Carpuat, R. Cattoni, Mauro Cettolo, Mingda Chen, William Chen, K. Choukri, Alexandra Chronopoulou, Anna Currey, T. Declerck, Qianqian Dong, Kevin Duh, Y. Estève, Marcello Federico, Souhir Gahbiche, B. Haddow, B. Hsu, Phu Mon Htut, H. Inaguma, Dávid Javorský, J. Judge, Yasumasa Kano, Tom Ko, Rishu Kumar, Peng Li, Xutai Ma, Prashant Mathur, E. Matusov, Paul McNamee, John P. McCrae, Kenton Murray, Maria Nadejde, Satoshi Nakamura, Matteo Negri, H. Nguyen, J. Niehues, Xing Niu, Atul Kr. Ojha, John E. Ortega, Proyag Pal, J. Pino, Lonneke van der Plas, Peter Polák, Elijah Matthew Rippeth, Elizabeth Salesky, Jiatong Shi, Matthias Sperber, Sebastian Stüker, Katsuhito Sudoh, Yun Tang, Brian Thompson, Ke M. Tran, Marco Turchi, A. Waibel, Mingxuan Wang, Shinji Watanabe, Rodolfo Zevallos.
The publication ID of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN is 5020dc0a-7e2f-43e6-9543-389c0c6d864d.
The publication name of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN is International Workshop on Spoken Language Translation.
The publication type of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper FINDINGS OF THE IWSLT 2023 EVALUATION CAMPAIGN are IWSLT, Int Workshop Spok Lang Transl.
The paper abstract is This paper reports on the shared tasks organized by the 20th IWSLT Conference. The shared tasks address 9 scientific challenges in spoken language translation: simultaneous and offline translation, automatic subtitling and dubbing, speech-to-speech translation, multilingual, dialect and low-resource speech translation, and formality control. The shared tasks attracted a total of 38 submissions by 31 teams. The growing interest towards spoken language translation is also witnessed by the constantly increasing number of shared task organizers and contributors to the overview paper, almost evenly distributed across industry and academia.
