The paper title is FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling.
The faculty author of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling are Zhongqiu Wang, Samuele Cornell, Shukjae Choi, Younglo Lee, Byeonghak Kim, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling is 0d6f7fba-7092-46b3-8039-93458dba736b.
The publication name of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling is IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication type of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling are Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, IEEE Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, ICASSP, International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication url of the paper FNeural Speech Enhancement with Very Low Algorithmic Latency and Complexity via Integrated full- and sub-band Modeling is http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000002.
The paper abstract is We propose FSB-LSTM, a novel long short-term memory (LSTM) based architecture that integrates full- and sub-band (FSB) modeling, for single- and multi-channel speech enhancement in the short-time Fourier transform (STFT) domain. The model maintains an information highway to flow an over-complete input representation through multiple FSB-LSTM modules. Each FSB-LSTM module consists of a full-band block to model spectro-temporal patterns at all frequencies and a sub-band block to model patterns within each sub-band, where each of the two blocks takes a down-sampled representation as input and returns an up-sampled discriminative representation to be added to the block input via a residual connection. The model is designed to have a low algorithmic complexity, a small run-time buffer and a very low algorithmic latency, at the same time producing a strong enhancement performance on a noisy-reverberant speech enhancement task even if the hop size is as low as 2 ms.
