The paper title is FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding.
The faculty author of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is Bhiksha Raj.
The paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding are Thanh-Dat Truong, Ngan T. H. Le, B. Raj, J. Cothren, Khoa Luu.
The publication ID of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is 768b87bb-8a18-4d9c-a161-4d483c776bcf.
The publication name of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition.
The publication type of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding are CVPR, Comput Vis Pattern Recognit.
The publication issn of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is 1063-6919.
The publication url of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding is https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000147.
Publication alternate urls of the paper FREDOM: Fairness Domain Adaptation Approach to Semantic Scene Understanding are https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Conference_on_Computer_Vision_and_Pattern_Recognition.
The paper abstract is Although Domain Adaptation in Semantic Scene Segmentation has shown impressive improvement in recent years, the fairness concerns in the domain adaptation have yet to be well defined and addressed. In addition, fairness is one of the most critical aspects when deploying the segmentation models into human-related real-world applications, e.g., autonomous driving, as any unfair predictions could influence human safety. In this paper, we propose a novel Fairness Domain Adaptation (FREDOM) approach to semantic scene segmentation. In particular, from the proposed formulated fairness objective, a new adaptation framework will be introduced based on the fair treatment of class distributions. Moreover, to generally model the context of structural dependency, a new conditional structural constraint is introduced to impose the consistency of predicted segmentation. Thanks to the proposed Conditional Structure Network, the self-attention mechanism has sufficiently modeled the structural information of segmentation. Through the ablation studies, the proposed method has shown the performance improvement of the segmentation models and promoted fairness in the model predictions. The experimental results on the two standard benchmarks, i.e., SYNTHIA $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes and GTA5 $\rightarrow$ Cityscapes, have shown that our method achieved State-of-the-Art (SOTA) performance11The implementation of FREDOM is available at https://github.com/uark-cviu/FREDOM
