The paper title is GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets.
The faculty author of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets is Eric Nyberg.
The paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets are Njall Skarphedinsson, Breki Gudmundsson, Steinar Smari, M. Lárusdóttir, H. Einarsson, Abuzar Khan, Eric Nyberg, H. Loftsson.
The publication ID of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets is 8de18c35-6785-4e54-99f2-21ee961302c6.
The publication name of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets is Conference of the European Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets are Conf Eur Chapter Assoc Comput Linguistics, EACL.
The publication url of the paper GameQA: Gamified Mobile App Platform for Building Multiple-Domain Question-Answering Datasets is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/eacl/.
The paper abstract is The methods used to create many of the well-known Question-Answering (QA) datasets are hard to replicate for low-resource languages. A commonality amongst these methods is hiring annotators to source answers from the internet by querying a single answer source, such as Wikipedia. Applying these methods for low-resource languages can be problematic since there is no single large answer source for these languages. Consequently, this can result in a high ratio of unanswered questions, since the amount of information in any single source is limited. To address this problem, we developed a novel crowd-sourcing platform to gather multiple-domain QA data for low-resource languages. Our platform, which consists of a mobile app and a web API, gamifies the data collection process. We successfully released the app for Icelandic (a low-resource language with about 350,000 native speakers) to build a dataset which rivals large QA datasets for high-resource languages both in terms of size and ratio of answered questions. We have made the platform open source with instructions on how to localize and deploy it to gather data for other low-resource languages.
