The paper title is High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions.
The faculty author of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is Carolyn Rosé.
The paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions are Shiyan Jiang, Hengtao Tang, Can Tatar, C. Rosé, J. Chao.
The publication ID of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is 10181ee2-de08-4807-97a6-3e5af9632613.
The publication name of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is Journal of Educational Media.
The publication type of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions are J Educ Media, Learning, Media and Technology, Learn Media Technol.
The publication issn of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is 1743-9884.
The publication url of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions is http://www.tandfonline.com/loi/cjem20.
Publication alternate urls of the paper High school students’ data modeling practices and processes: from modeling unstructured data to evaluating automated decisions are https://www.ingentaconnect.com/content/1358-1651.
The paper abstract is ABSTRACT It’s critical to foster artificial intelligence (AI) literacy for high school students, the first generation to grow up surrounded by AI, to understand working mechanism of data-driven AI technologies and critically evaluate automated decisions from predictive models. While efforts have been made to engage youth in understanding AI through developing machine learning models, few provided in-depth insights into the nuanced learning processes. In this study, we examined high school students’ data modeling practices and processes. Twenty-eight students developed machine learning models with text data for classifying negative and positive reviews of ice cream stores. We identified nine data modeling practices that describe students’ processes of model exploration, development, and testing and two themes about evaluating automated decisions from data technologies. The results provide implications for designing accessible data modeling experiences for students to understand data justice as well as the role and responsibility of data modelers in creating AI technologies.
