The paper title is Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models.
The faculty author of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models is Eric P. Xing.
The paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models are Lingjing Kong, Biwei Huang, Feng Xie, E. Xing, Yuejie Chi, Kun Zhang.
The publication ID of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models is d9720b90-d60b-48bc-9df8-87a30b9a60dd.
The publication name of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models is Neural Information Processing Systems.
The publication type of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models are Neural Inf Process Syst, NeurIPS, NIPS.
The publication url of the paper Identification of Nonlinear Latent Hierarchical Models is http://neurips.cc/.
The paper abstract is Identifying latent variables and causal structures from observational data is essential to many real-world applications involving biological data, medical data, and unstructured data such as images and languages. However, this task can be highly challenging, especially when observed variables are generated by causally related latent variables and the relationships are nonlinear. In this work, we investigate the identification problem for nonlinear latent hierarchical causal models in which observed variables are generated by a set of causally related latent variables, and some latent variables may not have observed children. We show that the identifiability of causal structures and latent variables (up to invertible transformations) can be achieved under mild assumptions: on causal structures, we allow for multiple paths between any pair of variables in the graph, which relaxes latent tree assumptions in prior work; on structural functions, we permit general nonlinearity and multi-dimensional continuous variables, alleviating existing work's parametric assumptions. Specifically, we first develop an identification criterion in the form of novel identifiability guarantees for an elementary latent variable model. Leveraging this criterion, we show that both causal structures and latent variables of the hierarchical model can be identified asymptotically by explicitly constructing an estimation procedure. To the best of our knowledge, our work is the first to establish identifiability guarantees for both causal structures and latent variables in nonlinear latent hierarchical models.
