The paper title is Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives.
The faculty author of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives are William Chen, Brian Yan, Jiatong Shi, Yifan Peng, Soumi Maiti, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives is 0d6f7fba-7092-46b3-8039-93458dba736b.
The publication name of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives is IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication type of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives are Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, IEEE Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, ICASSP, International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication url of the paper Improving Massively Multilingual ASR with Auxiliary CTC Objectives is http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000002.
The paper abstract is Multilingual Automatic Speech Recognition (ASR) models have extended the usability of speech technologies to a wide variety of languages. With how many languages these models have to handle, however, a key to understanding their imbalanced performance across different languages is to examine if the model actually knows which language it should transcribe. In this paper, we introduce our work on improving performance on FLEURS, a 102-language open ASR benchmark, by conditioning the entire model on language identity (LID). We investigate techniques inspired from recent Connectionist Temporal Classification (CTC) studies to help the model handle the large number of languages, conditioning on the LID predictions of auxiliary tasks. Our experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our technique over standard CTC/Attention-based hybrid models. Furthermore, our state-of-the-art systems using self-supervised models with the Conformer architecture improve over the results of prior work on FLEURS by a relative 28.4% CER. Trained models are reproducible recipes are available at https://github.com/espnet/espnet/tree/master/egs2/fleurs/asr1.
