The paper title is Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff.
The faculty author of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is Alexander Waibel.
The paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff are Peter Polák, Brian Yan, Shinji Watanabe, A. Waibel, Ondrej Bojar.
The publication ID of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is af90489e-312f-4514-bea2-bcb399cb8ece.
The publication name of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is Interspeech.
The publication type of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff are Conf Int Speech Commun Assoc, INTERSPEECH, Conference of the International Speech Communication Association.
The publication issn of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is 2308-457X.
The publication url of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff is https://www.isca-speech.org/iscaweb/index.php/conferences/interspeech.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Incremental Blockwise Beam Search for Simultaneous Speech Translation with Controllable Quality-Latency Tradeoff are http://www.isca-speech.org/.
The paper abstract is Blockwise self-attentional encoder models have recently emerged as one promising end-to-end approach to simultaneous speech translation. These models employ a blockwise beam search with hypothesis reliability scoring to determine when to wait for more input speech before translating further. However, this method maintains multiple hypotheses until the entire speech input is consumed -- this scheme cannot directly show a single \textit{incremental} translation to users. Further, this method lacks mechanisms for \textit{controlling} the quality vs. latency tradeoff. We propose a modified incremental blockwise beam search incorporating local agreement or hold-$n$ policies for quality-latency control. We apply our framework to models trained for online or offline translation and demonstrate that both types can be effectively used in online mode. Experimental results on MuST-C show 0.6-3.6 BLEU improvement without changing latency or 0.8-1.4 s latency improvement without changing quality.
