The paper title is It’s MBR All the Way Down: Modern Generation Techniques Through the Lens of Minimum Bayes Risk.
The faculty author of the paper It’s MBR All the Way Down: Modern Generation Techniques Through the Lens of Minimum Bayes Risk is Graham Neubig.
The paper It’s MBR All the Way Down: Modern Generation Techniques Through the Lens of Minimum Bayes Risk publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper It’s MBR All the Way Down: Modern Generation Techniques Through the Lens of Minimum Bayes Risk are Amanda Bertsch, Alex Xie, Graham Neubig, Matthew R. Gormley.
The paper abstract is Minimum Bayes Risk (MBR) decoding is a method for choosing the outputs of a machine learning system based not on the output with the highest probability, but the output with the lowest risk (expected error) among multiple candidates. It is a simple but powerful method: for an additional cost at inference time, MBR provides reliable several-point improvements across metrics for a wide variety of tasks without any additional data or training. Despite this, MBR is not frequently applied in NLP works, and knowledge of the method itself is limited. We first provide an introduction to the method and the recent literature. We show that several recent methods that do not reference MBR can be written as special cases of MBR; this reformulation provides additional theoretical justification for the performance of these methods, explaining some results that were previously only empirical. We provide theoretical and empirical results about the effectiveness of various MBR variants and make concrete recommendations for the application of MBR in NLP models, including future directions in this area.
