The paper title is Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks.
The faculty author of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks is Lei Li.
The paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks are Long Long, Zixuan Zhao, Zaiwang Lu, Lei Li, Zichen Liu, Yucheng Zhang.
The publication ID of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks is c56116d3-225c-47c9-a4d9-f935e32f846c.
The publication name of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks is IEEE Vehicular Technology Conference.
The publication type of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks are IEEE Veh Technol Conf, Veh Technol Conf, VTC, Vehicular Technology Conference.
The publication url of the paper Joint Allocation on 3C Resources for Three-Tier Cooperation Mobile Computing Networks is http://vtsociety.org/.
The paper abstract is The three-layer cellular network integrating mobile cloud computing (MCC) and mobile edge computing (MEC) provides an effective example for emerging services with intensive computing and low latency requirements. Computing intensive and delay sensitive tasks can be processed by local, edge nodes or cloud services. In the paper, we consider a three-tier collaborative computing network composed of mobile devices, edge nodes and cloud servers. In this network, we jointly optimize the offloading decision, the computation, communication and caching (3C) resource to minimize task delay. However, the formulated problem is a large-scale mixed integer nonlinear optimization problem with the increasing number of base stations and devices, which is difficult to solve. To deal with the problem, we propose a parallel processing scheme based on alternating direction method of multipliers (ADMM) and relaxation method. The proposed scheme first reconstructs the original problem through relaxation and auxiliary variables, then decomposes the large-scale problem into several sub problems and improves the task processing efficiency through parallel processing. Simulation results show that the proposed scheme can achieve near optimal performance under low complexity, and can reduce the task delay about 26% compared with other schemes.
