The paper title is Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions.
The faculty author of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions is Louis-Philippe Morency.
The paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions are Himanshu Thakur, Atishay Jain, Praneetha Vaddamanu, P. Liang, Louis-Philippe Morency.
The publication ID of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper Language Models Get a Gender Makeover: Mitigating Gender Bias with Few-Shot Data Interventions is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Societal biases present in pre-trained large language models are a critical issue as these models have been shown to propagate biases in countless downstream applications, rendering them unfair towards specific groups of people. Since large-scale retraining of these models from scratch is both time and compute-expensive, a variety of approaches have been previously proposed that de-bias a pre-trained model. While the majority of current state-of-the-art debiasing methods focus on changes to the training regime, in this paper, we propose data intervention strategies as a powerful yet simple technique to reduce gender bias in pre-trained models. Specifically, we empirically show that by fine-tuning a pre-trained model on only 10 debiased (intervened) training examples, the tendency to favor any gender is significantly reduced. Since our proposed method only needs a few training examples, we argue that our few-shot de-biasing approach is highly feasible and practical. Through extensive experimentation, we show that our de-biasing technique performs better than competitive state-of-the-art baselines with minimal loss in language modeling ability.
