The paper title is Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains.
The faculty author of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains is Carolyn Rosé.
The paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains are Sireesh Gururaja, Ritam Dutt, Ting-gen Liao, C. Rosé.
The publication ID of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper Linguistic representations for fewer-shot relation extraction across domains is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Recent work has demonstrated the positive impact of incorporating linguistic representations as additional context and scaffolds on the in-domain performance of several NLP tasks. We extend this work by exploring the impact of linguistic representations on cross-domain performance in a few-shot transfer setting. An important question is whether linguistic representations enhance generalizability by providing features that function as cross-domain pivots. We focus on the task of relation extraction on three datasets of procedural text in two domains, cooking and materials science. Our approach augments a popular transformer-based architecture by alternately incorporating syntactic and semantic graphs constructed by freely available off-the-shelf tools. We examine their utility for enhancing generalization, and investigate whether earlier findings, e.g. that semantic representations can be more helpful than syntactic ones, extend to relation extraction in multiple domains. We find that while the inclusion of these graphs results in significantly higher performance in few-shot transfer, both types of graph exhibit roughly equivalent utility.
