The paper title is MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts.
The faculty author of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts is Louis-Philippe Morency.
The paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts are Haofei Yu, P. Liang, R. Salakhutdinov, Louis-Philippe Morency.
The publication ID of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper MMOE: Mixture of Multimodal Interaction Experts is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Multimodal machine learning, which studies the information and interactions across various input modalities, has made significant advancements in understanding the relationship between images and descriptive text. However, this is just a portion of the potential multimodal interactions seen in the real world and does not include new interactions between conflicting utterances and gestures in predicting sarcasm, for example. Notably, the current methods for capturing shared information often do not extend well to these more nuanced interactions, sometimes performing as low as 50% in binary classification. In this paper, we address this problem via a new approach called MMOE, which stands for a mixture of multimodal interaction experts. Our method automatically classifies data points from unlabeled multimodal datasets by their interaction type and employs specialized models for each specific interaction. Based on our experiments, this approach improves performance on these challenging interactions by more than 10%, leading to an overall increase of 2% for tasks like sarcasm prediction. As a result, interaction quantification provides new insights for dataset analysis and yields simple approaches that obtain state-of-the-art performance.
