The paper title is Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding.
The faculty author of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding is Graham Neubig.
The paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding are Anubha Kabra, Emmy Liu, Simran Khanuja, Alham Fikri Aji, Genta Indra Winata, Samuel Cahyawijaya, Anuoluwapo Aremu, Perez Ogayo, Graham Neubig.
The publication ID of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper Multi-lingual and Multi-cultural Figurative Language Understanding is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Figurative language permeates human communication, but at the same time is relatively understudied in NLP. Datasets have been created in English to accelerate progress towards measuring and improving figurative language processing in language models (LMs). However, the use of figurative language is an expression of our cultural and societal experiences, making it difficult for these phrases to be universally applicable. In this work, we create a figurative language inference dataset, \datasetname, for seven diverse languages associated with a variety of cultures: Hindi, Indonesian, Javanese, Kannada, Sundanese, Swahili and Yoruba. Our dataset reveals that each language relies on cultural and regional concepts for figurative expressions, with the highest overlap between languages originating from the same region. We assess multilingual LMs' abilities to interpret figurative language in zero-shot and few-shot settings. All languages exhibit a significant deficiency compared to English, with variations in performance reflecting the availability of pre-training and fine-tuning data, emphasizing the need for LMs to be exposed to a broader range of linguistic and cultural variation during training.
