The paper title is OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit.
The faculty author of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit is Chenyan Xiong.
The paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit are Shi Yu, Zhenghao Liu, Chenyan Xiong, Zhiyuan Liu.
The publication ID of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit is 8dce23a9-44e0-4381-a39e-2acc1edff700.
The publication name of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit is Annual International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval.
The publication type of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit are International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval, Int ACM SIGIR Conf Res Dev Inf Retr, SIGIR, Annu Int ACM SIGIR Conf Res Dev Inf Retr.
The publication url of the paper OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit is http://www.acm.org/sigir/.
The paper abstract is Pre-trained language models (PLMs) have emerged as the foundation of the most advanced Information Retrieval (IR) models. Powered by PLMs, the latest IR research has proposed novel models, new domain adaptation algorithms as well as enlarged datasets. In this paper, we present a Python-based IR toolkit OpenMatch-v2. As a full upgrade of OpenMatch proposed in 2021, OpenMatch-v2 incorporates the most recent advancements of PLM-based IR research, providing support for new, cross-modality models and enhanced domain adaptation techniques with a streamlined, optimized infrastructure. The code of OpenMatch is publicly available at https://github.com/OpenMatch/OpenMatch.
