The paper title is Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning.
The faculty author of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning is Daniel Fried.
The paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning are Jiefu Ou, Benno Krojer, Daniel Fried.
The publication ID of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper Pragmatic Inference with a CLIP Listener for Contrastive Captioning is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is We propose a simple yet effective and robust method for contrastive captioning: generating discriminative captions that distinguish target images from very similar alternative distractor images. Our approach is built on a pragmatic inference procedure that formulates captioning as a reference game between a speaker, which produces possible captions describing the target, and a listener, which selects the target given the caption. Unlike previous methods that derive both speaker and listener distributions from a single captioning model, we leverage an off-the-shelf CLIP model to parameterize the listener. Compared with captioner-only pragmatic models, our method benefits from rich vision language alignment representations from CLIP when reasoning over distractors. Like previous methods for discriminative captioning, our method uses a hyperparameter to control the tradeoff between the informativity (how likely captions are to allow a human listener to discriminate the target image) and the fluency of the captions. However, we find that our method is substantially more robust to the value of this hyperparameter than past methods, which allows us to automatically optimize the captions for informativity - outperforming past methods for discriminative captioning by 11% to 15% accuracy in human evaluations
