The paper title is Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation.
The faculty author of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation is Yonatan Bisk.
The paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation are Quanting Xie, Tianyi Zhang, Kedi Xu, M. Johnson-Roberson, Yonatan Bisk.
The publication ID of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Reasoning about the Unseen for Efficient Outdoor Object Navigation is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Robots should exist anywhere humans do: indoors, outdoors, and even unmapped environments. In contrast, the focus of recent advancements in Object Goal Navigation(OGN) has targeted navigating in indoor environments by leveraging spatial and semantic cues that do not generalize outdoors. While these contributions provide valuable insights into indoor scenarios, the broader spectrum of real-world robotic applications often extends to outdoor settings. As we transition to the vast and complex terrains of outdoor environments, new challenges emerge. Unlike the structured layouts found indoors, outdoor environments lack clear spatial delineations and are riddled with inherent semantic ambiguities. Despite this, humans navigate with ease because we can reason about the unseen. We introduce a new task OUTDOOR, a new mechanism for Large Language Models (LLMs) to accurately hallucinate possible futures, and a new computationally aware success metric for pushing research forward in this more complex domain. Additionally, we show impressive results on both a simulated drone and physical quadruped in outdoor environments. Our agent has no premapping and our formalism outperforms naive LLM-based approaches
