The paper title is Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities.
The faculty author of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities is Maarten Sap.
The paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities are Maria Antoniak, Anjalie Field, Jimin Mun, Melanie Walsh, Lauren F. Klein, Maarten Sap.
The publication ID of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper Riveter: Measuring Power and Social Dynamics Between Entities is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Riveter provides a complete easy-to-use pipeline for analyzing verb connotations associated with entities in text corpora. We prepopulate the package with connotation frames of sentiment, power, and agency, which have demonstrated usefulness for capturing social phenomena, such as gender bias, in a broad range of corpora. For decades, lexical frameworks have been foundational tools in computational social science, digital humanities, and natural language processing, facilitating multifaceted analysis of text corpora. But working with verb-centric lexica specifically requires natural language processing skills, reducing their accessibility to other researchers. By organizing the language processing pipeline, providing complete lexicon scores and visualizations for all entities in a corpus, and providing functionality for users to target specific research questions, Riveter greatly improves the accessibility of verb lexica and can facilitate a broad range of future research.
