The paper title is Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021.
The faculty author of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is Lei Li.
The paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 are Xinglu Zhang, Yu Zheng, H. Che, K. Gui, Lei Li, Hujia Zhao, Yuanxin Liang, Wenrui Yao, Xindan Zhang, Hengheng Zhao, Yanting Lu, Xiaoye Zhang.
The publication ID of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is 8e1bd4b5-d5b2-4e22-ba0a-01fe5568d472.
The publication name of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is Remote Sensing.
The publication type of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 are Remote Sens.
The publication issn of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is 2315-4675.
The publication url of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 is http://www.e-helvetica.nb.admin.ch/directAccess?callnumber=bel-169233.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Seasonal and Diurnal Characteristics of the Vertical Profile of Aerosol Optical Properties in Urban Beijing, 2017-2021 are https://www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing, http://www.mdpi.com/journal/remotesensing, http://nbn-resolving.de/urn/resolver.pl?urn=urn:nbn:ch:bel-169233.
The paper abstract is Seasonal and diurnal characteristics of the vertical profiles of aerosol properties are essential for detecting the regional transport and the climatic radiative effects of aerosol particles. We have studied the seasonal and diurnal characteristics of the vertical distribution of aerosols in urban Beijing from 2017 to 2021 based on long-term Raman–Mie LiDAR observations. The influence of the vertical distribution of aerosols, the meteorological conditions within the boundary layer, the optical–radiometric properties of aerosols, and their interconnections, were investigated during a heavy haze pollution event in Beijing from 8 to 15 February 2020 using both meteorological and sun photometer data. The aerosol extinction coefficient was highest in summer (0.4 km−1), followed by winter (0.35 km−1), and roughly equal in spring and autumn (0.3 km−1). The aerosol extinction coefficient showed clear daily variations and was different in different seasons as a result of the variation in the height of the boundary layer. During the haze pollution event, the particulate matter mainly consisted of scattered spherical fine particles and the accumulation time of pollutants measured via the AOD440nm and PM2.5 mass concentration was different as a result of the hygroscopic growth of the aerosol particles. This growth increased scattering and led to an increase in the aerosol optical depth. The vertical transport of particulate matter also contributed to the increase in the aerosol optical depth.
