The paper title is Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis.
The faculty author of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is Lei Li.
The paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis are Hujia Zhao, K. Gui, Yanjun Ma, Yangfeng Wang, Yaqiang Wang, Hong Wang, Yu Zheng, Lei Li, Lei Zhang, H. Che, Xiaoye Zhang.
The publication ID of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is 2a1aa214-b372-4b85-8afd-83a75b22c143.
The publication name of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is Atmospheric Environment.
The publication type of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis are Atmospheric Environ.
The publication issn of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is 1352-2310.
The publication url of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis is https://www.journals.elsevier.com/atmospheric-environment.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Seasonal evolution of aerosol loading and its vertical distribution in northeastern China from long-term satellite observations and model reanalysis are http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/journal/13522310.
The paper abstract is None
