The paper title is Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease.
The faculty author of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is Yiming Yang.
The paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease are Cunli Wang, Yiming Yang, Xiaoyu Zhang, Zhenqiang Shi, Huiling Gao, Manli Zhong, Yong-gang Fan, Hongyan Zhang, Bo Liu, Guangyan Qing.
The publication ID of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is cb30f0c9-2980-4b7d-bbcb-68fc5472b97c.
The publication name of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is Science Advances.
The publication type of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease are Sci Adv.
The publication issn of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is 2375-2548.
The publication url of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease is http://www.scienceadvances.org/.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Secreted endogenous macrosomes reduce Aβ burden and ameliorate Alzheimer’s disease are https://advances.sciencemag.org/.
The paper abstract is Innovative therapeutic strategies are urgently needed for Alzheimer’s disease (AD) due to the increasing size of the aging population and the lack of effective drug treatment. Here, we report the therapeutic effects of extracellular vesicles (EVs) secreted by microglia, including macrosomes and small EVs, on AD-associated pathology. Macrosomes strongly inhibited β-amyloid (Aβ) aggregation and rescued cells from Aβ misfolding–induced cytotoxicity. Furthermore, macrosome administration reduced Aβ plaques and ameliorated cognitive impairment in mice with AD. In contrast, small EVs slightly promoted Aβ aggregation and did not improve AD pathology. Proteomic analysis of small EVs and macrosomes revealed that macrosomes harbor several important neuroprotective proteins that inhibit Aβ misfolding. In particular, the small integral membrane protein 10–like protein 2B in macrosomes has been shown to inhibit Aβ aggregation. Our observations provide an alternative therapeutic strategy for the treatment of AD over conventional ineffective drug treatments.
