The paper title is Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference.
The faculty author of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference are Masao Someki, N. Eng, Yosuke Higuchi, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference is 29014a7c-861f-43bd-b4d6-63edf4cd57ef.
The publication name of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference is Automatic Speech Recognition & Understanding.
The publication type of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Segment-Level Vectorized Beam Search Based on Partially Autoregressive Inference are IEEE Automatic Speech Recognition and Understanding Workshop, Autom Speech Recognit  Underst, ASRU, IEEE Autom Speech Recognit Underst Workshop.
The paper abstract is Attention-based encoder-decoder models with autoregressive (AR) decoding have proven to be the dominant approach for automatic speech recognition (ASR) due to their superior accuracy. However, they often suffer from slow inference. This is primarily attributed to the incremental calculation of the decoder. This work proposes a partially AR framework, which employs segment-level vectorized beam search for improving the inference speed of an ASR model based on the hybrid connectionist temporal classification (CTC) attention-based architecture. It first generates an initial hypothesis using greedy CTC decoding, identifying low-confidence tokens based on their output probabilities. We then utilize the decoder to perform segment-level vectorized beam search on these tokens, re-predicting in parallel with minimal decoder calculations. Experimental results show that our method is 12 to 13 times faster in inference on the LibriSpeech corpus over AR decoding whilst preserving high accuracy.
