The paper title is SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations.
The faculty author of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations is Louis-Philippe Morency.
The paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations are Victoria Lin, Louis-Philippe Morency.
The publication ID of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations is 1e33b3be-b2ab-46e9-96e8-d4eb4bad6e44.
The publication name of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations is Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics.
The publication type of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations are Annu Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics, Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics, ACL, Meet Assoc Comput Linguistics.
The publication url of the paper SenteCon: Leveraging Lexicons to Learn Human-Interpretable Language Representations is https://www.aclweb.org/anthology/venues/acl/.
The paper abstract is Although deep language representations have become the dominant form of language featurization in recent years, in many settings it is important to understand a model's decision-making process. This necessitates not only an interpretable model but also interpretable features. In particular, language must be featurized in a way that is interpretable while still characterizing the original text well. We present SenteCon, a method for introducing human interpretability in deep language representations. Given a passage of text, SenteCon encodes the text as a layer of interpretable categories in which each dimension corresponds to the relevance of a specific category. Our empirical evaluations indicate that encoding language with SenteCon provides high-level interpretability at little to no cost to predictive performance on downstream tasks. Moreover, we find that SenteCon outperforms existing interpretable language representations with respect to both its downstream performance and its agreement with human characterizations of the text.
