The paper title is Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach.
The faculty author of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach is Graham Neubig.
The paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach are Masahiro Kaneko, Graham Neubig, Naoaki Okazaki.
The publication ID of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Solving NLP Problems through Human-System Collaboration: A Discussion-based Approach is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Humans work together to solve common problems by having discussions, explaining, and agreeing or disagreeing with each other. Similarly, if a system can have discussions with humans when solving tasks, it can improve the system's performance and reliability. In previous research on explainability, it has only been possible for the system to make predictions and for humans to ask questions about them rather than having a mutual exchange of opinions. This research aims to create a dataset and computational framework for systems that discuss and refine their predictions through dialogue. Through experiments, we show that the proposed system can have beneficial discussions with humans improving the accuracy by up to 25 points in the natural language inference task.
