The paper title is Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient.
The faculty author of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is Lori Levin.
The paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient are W. Gaetz, C. Dockstader, P. Furlong, S. Amaral, A. Vossough, E. Schwartz, T. Roberts, Lori S. Levin.
The publication ID of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is 5e163e08-2d79-4c73-9f39-434e3dc2c355.
The publication name of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is Brain Research.
The publication type of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient are Brain Res.
The publication issn of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is 0006-8993.
The publication url of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient is http://www.elsevier.com/wps/find/journaldescription.cws_home/622287/description#description.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Somatosensory and motor representations following bilateral transplants of the hands: A 6-year longitudinal case report on the first pediatric bilateral hand transplant patient are http://journals.elsevier.com/00068993/brain-research/, http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/journal/00068993.
The paper abstract is None
