The paper title is SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents.
The faculty author of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents is Yonatan Bisk.
The paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents are Xuhui Zhou, Hao Zhu, Leena Mathur, Ruohong Zhang, Haofei Yu, Zhengyang Qi, Louis-Philippe Morency, Yonatan Bisk, Daniel Fried, Graham Neubig, Maarten Sap.
The publication ID of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper SOTOPIA: Interactive Evaluation for Social Intelligence in Language Agents is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Humans are social beings; we pursue social goals in our daily interactions, which is a crucial aspect of social intelligence. Yet, AI systems' abilities in this realm remain elusive. We present SOTOPIA, an open-ended environment to simulate complex social interactions between artificial agents and evaluate their social intelligence. In our environment, agents role-play and interact under a wide variety of scenarios; they coordinate, collaborate, exchange, and compete with each other to achieve complex social goals. We simulate the role-play interaction between LLM-based agents and humans within this task space and evaluate their performance with a holistic evaluation framework called SOTOPIA-Eval. With SOTOPIA, we find significant differences between these models in terms of their social intelligence, and we identify a subset of SOTOPIA scenarios, SOTOPIA-hard, that is generally challenging for all models. We find that on this subset, GPT-4 achieves a significantly lower goal completion rate than humans and struggles to exhibit social commonsense reasoning and strategic communication skills. These findings demonstrate SOTOPIA's promise as a general platform for research on evaluating and improving social intelligence in artificial agents.
