The paper title is TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement.
The faculty author of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement are YUNYANG ZENG, Joseph Konan, Shuo Han, David Bick, Muqiao Yang, Anurag Kumar, Shinji Watanabe, B. Raj.
The publication ID of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement is 0d6f7fba-7092-46b3-8039-93458dba736b.
The publication name of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement is IEEE International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication type of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement are Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, IEEE Int Conf Acoust Speech Signal Process, ICASSP, International Conference on Acoustics, Speech, and Signal Processing.
The publication url of the paper TAPLoss: A Temporal Acoustic Parameter Loss for Speech Enhancement is http://ieeexplore.ieee.org/xpl/conhome.jsp?punumber=1000002.
The paper abstract is Speech enhancement models have greatly progressed in recent years, but still show limits in perceptual quality of their speech outputs. We propose an objective for perceptual quality based on temporal acoustic parameters. These are fundamental speech features that play an essential role in various applications, including speaker recognition and paralinguistic analysis. We provide a differentiable estimator for four categories of low-level acoustic descriptors involving: frequency-related parameters, energy or amplitude-related parameters, spectral balance parameters, and temporal features. Un-like prior work that looks at aggregated acoustic parameters or a few categories of acoustic parameters, our temporal acoustic parameter (TAP) loss enables auxiliary optimization and improvement of many fine-grained speech characteristics in enhancement workflows. We show that adding TAPLoss as an auxiliary objective in speech enhancement produces speech with improved perceptual quality and intelligibility. We use data from the Deep Noise Suppression 2020 Challenge to demonstrate that both time-domain models and time-frequency domain models can benefit from our method.
