The paper title is Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases.
The faculty author of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases is Chenyan Xiong.
The paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases are Zhenghao Liu, Senkun Mei, Chenyan Xiong, Xiaohua Li, Shi Yu, Zhiyuan Liu, Yu Gu, Ge Yu.
The publication ID of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases is 7431ff67-91dc-41fa-b322-1b1ca657025f.
The publication name of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases is International Conference on Information and Knowledge Management.
The publication type of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases are Conference on Information and Knowledge Management, Conf Inf Knowl Manag, Int Conf Inf Knowl Manag, CIKM.
The publication url of the paper Text Matching Improves Sequential Recommendation by Reducing Popularity Biases is http://www.cikm.org/.
The paper abstract is This paper proposes Text mAtching based SequenTial rEcommenda-tion model (TASTE), which maps items and users in an embedding space and recommends items by matching their text representations. TASTE verbalizes items and user-item interactions using identifiers and attributes of items. To better characterize user behaviors, TASTE additionally proposes an attention sparsity method, which enables TASTE to model longer user-item interactions by reducing the self-attention computations during encoding. Our experiments show that TASTE outperforms the state-of-the-art methods on widely used sequential recommendation datasets. TASTE alleviates the cold start problem by representing long-tail items using full-text modeling and bringing the benefits of pretrained language models to recommendation systems. Our further analyses illustrate that TASTE significantly improves the recommendation accuracy by reducing the popularity bias of previous item id based recommendation models and returning more appropriate and text-relevant items to satisfy users. All codes are available at https://github.com/OpenMatch/TASTE.
