The paper title is Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language.
The faculty author of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language is Louis-Philippe Morency.
The paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language are Victoria Lin, Louis-Philippe Morency, Eli Ben-Michael.
The publication ID of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language is 41bf9ed3-85b3-4c90-b015-150e31690253.
The publication name of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language is Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
The publication type of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language are Empir Method Nat Lang Process, Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, Conf Empir Method Nat Lang Process, EMNLP.
The publication url of the paper Text-Transport: Toward Learning Causal Effects of Natural Language is https://www.aclweb.org/portal/emnlp.
The paper abstract is As language technologies gain prominence in real-world settings, it is important to understand how changes to language affect reader perceptions. This can be formalized as the causal effect of varying a linguistic attribute (e.g., sentiment) on a reader's response to the text. In this paper, we introduce Text-Transport, a method for estimation of causal effects from natural language under any text distribution. Current approaches for valid causal effect estimation require strong assumptions about the data, meaning the data from which one can estimate valid causal effects often is not representative of the actual target domain of interest. To address this issue, we leverage the notion of distribution shift to describe an estimator that transports causal effects between domains, bypassing the need for strong assumptions in the target domain. We derive statistical guarantees on the uncertainty of this estimator, and we report empirical results and analyses that support the validity of Text-Transport across data settings. Finally, we use Text-Transport to study a realistic setting--hate speech on social media--in which causal effects do shift significantly between text domains, demonstrating the necessity of transport when conducting causal inference on natural language.
