The paper title is Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks.
The faculty author of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks are Soumi Maiti, Yifan Peng, Shukjae Choi, Jee-weon Jung, Xuankai Chang, Shinji Watanabe.
The publication ID of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Voxtlm: unified decoder-only models for consolidating speech recognition/synthesis and speech/text continuation tasks is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is We propose a decoder-only language model, VoxtLM, that can perform four tasks: speech recognition, speech synthesis, text generation, and speech continuation. VoxtLM integrates text vocabulary with discrete speech tokens from self-supervised speech features and uses special tokens to enable multitask learning. Compared to a single-task model, VoxtLM exhibits a significant improvement in speech synthesis, with improvements in both speech intelligibility from 28.9 to 5.6 and objective quality from 2.68 to 3.90. VoxtLM also improves speech generation and speech recognition performance over the single-task counterpart. Further, VoxtLM is trained with publicly available data and training recipes and model checkpoints are open-sourced to make fully reproducible work.
