The paper title is The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction.
The faculty author of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction are Shilong Wu, Chenxi Wang, Hang Chen, Yusheng Dai, Chenyue Zhang, Ruoyu Wang, Hongbo Lan, Jun Du, Chin-Hui Lee, Jingdong Chen, Shinji Watanabe, Sabato Marco Siniscalchi, O. Scharenborg, Zhong-Qiu Wang, Jia Pan, Jianqing Gao.
The publication ID of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper The Multimodal Information Based Speech Processing (MISP) 2023 Challenge: Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Previous Multimodal Information based Speech Processing (MISP) challenges mainly focused on audio-visual speech recognition (AVSR) with commendable success. However, the most advanced back-end recognition systems often hit performance limits due to the complex acoustic environments. This has prompted a shift in focus towards the Audio-Visual Target Speaker Extraction (AVTSE) task for the MISP 2023 challenge in ICASSP 2024 Signal Processing Grand Challenges. Unlike existing audio-visual speech enhance-ment challenges primarily focused on simulation data, the MISP 2023 challenge uniquely explores how front-end speech processing, combined with visual clues, impacts back-end tasks in real-world scenarios. This pioneering effort aims to set the first benchmark for the AVTSE task, offering fresh insights into enhancing the ac-curacy of back-end speech recognition systems through AVTSE in challenging and real acoustic environments. This paper delivers a thorough overview of the task setting, dataset, and baseline system of the MISP 2023 challenge. It also includes an in-depth analysis of the challenges participants may encounter. The experimental results highlight the demanding nature of this task, and we look forward to the innovative solutions participants will bring forward.
