The paper title is Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning.
The faculty author of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning is Maarten Sap.
The paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning are Emily Allaway, Nina Taneja, S. Leslie, Maarten Sap.
The publication ID of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Towards Countering Essentialism through Social Bias Reasoning is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Essentialist beliefs (i.e., believing that members of the same group are fundamentally alike) play a central role in social stereotypes and can lead to harm when left unchallenged. In our work, we conduct exploratory studies into the task of countering essentialist beliefs (e.g., ``liberals are stupid''). Drawing on prior work from psychology and NLP, we construct five types of counterstatements and conduct human studies on the effectiveness of these different strategies. Our studies also investigate the role in choosing a counterstatement of the level of explicitness with which an essentialist belief is conveyed. We find that statements that broaden the scope of a stereotype (e.g., to other groups, as in ``conservatives can also be stupid'') are the most popular countering strategy. We conclude with a discussion of challenges and open questions for future work in this area (e.g., improving factuality, studying community-specific variation) and we emphasize the importance of work at the intersection of NLP and psychology.
