The paper title is Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models.
The faculty author of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models is Carolyn Rosé.
The paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models are James Fiacco, David Adamson, C. Rosé.
The publication ID of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models is 70cb7170-a1b1-440a-8aed-0d0140a013c6.
The publication name of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models is Workshop on Innovative Use of NLP for Building Educational Applications.
The publication type of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Towards Extracting and Understanding the Implicit Rubrics of Transformer Based Automatic Essay Scoring Models are Workshop Innov Use NLP Build Educ Appl, UNLPBEA, BEA.
The paper abstract is By aligning the functional components derived from the activations of transformer models trained for AES with external knowledge such as human-understandable feature groups, the proposed method improves the interpretability of a Longformer Automatic Essay Scoring (AES) system and provides tools for performing such analyses on further neural AES systems. The analysis focuses on models trained to score essays based on organization, main idea, support, and language. The findings provide insights into the models’ decision-making processes, biases, and limitations, contributing to the development of more transparent and reliable AES systems.
