The paper title is Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions.
The faculty author of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions is Shinji Watanabe.
The paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions are Wangyou Zhang, Kohei Saijo, Zhong-Qiu Wang, Shinji Watanabe, Yanmin Qian.
The publication ID of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions is 29014a7c-861f-43bd-b4d6-63edf4cd57ef.
The publication name of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions is Automatic Speech Recognition & Understanding.
The publication type of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Toward Universal Speech Enhancement For Diverse Input Conditions are IEEE Automatic Speech Recognition and Understanding Workshop, Autom Speech Recognit  Underst, ASRU, IEEE Autom Speech Recognit Underst Workshop.
The paper abstract is The past decade has witnessed substantial growth of data-driven speech enhancement (SE) techniques thanks to deep learning. While existing approaches have shown impressive performance in some common datasets, most of them are designed only for a single condition (e.g., single-channel, multi-channel, or a fixed sampling frequency) or only consider a single task (e.g., denoising or dereverberation). Currently, there is no universal SE approach that can effectively handle diverse input conditions with a single model. In this paper, we make the first attempt to investigate this line of research. First, we devise a single SE model that is independent of microphone channels, signal lengths, and sampling frequencies. Second, we design a universal SE benchmark by combining existing public corpora with multiple conditions. Our experiments on a wide range of datasets show that the proposed single model can successfully handle diverse conditions with strong performance.
