The paper title is Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models.
The faculty author of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models is Emma Strubell.
The paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models are Gustavo Gonçalves, Emma Strubell.
The publication ID of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models is 41bf9ed3-85b3-4c90-b015-150e31690253.
The publication name of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models is Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing.
The publication type of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models are Empir Method Nat Lang Process, Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing, Conf Empir Method Nat Lang Process, EMNLP.
The publication url of the paper Understanding the Effect of Model Compression on Social Bias in Large Language Models is https://www.aclweb.org/portal/emnlp.
The paper abstract is Large Language Models (LLMs) trained with self-supervision on vast corpora of web text fit to the social biases of that text. Without intervention, these social biases persist in the model's predictions in downstream tasks, leading to representational harm. Many strategies have been proposed to mitigate the effects of inappropriate social biases learned during pretraining. Simultaneously, methods for model compression have become increasingly popular to reduce the computational burden of LLMs. Despite the popularity and need for both approaches, little work has been done to explore the interplay between these two. We perform a carefully controlled study of the impact of model compression via quantization and knowledge distillation on measures of social bias in LLMs. Longer pretraining and larger models led to higher social bias, and quantization showed a regularizer effect with its best trade-off around 20% of the original pretraining time.
