The paper title is Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method.
The faculty author of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is Bhiksha Raj.
The paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method are Samiran Gode, Supreeth Bare, B. Raj, H. Yoo.
The publication ID of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is 6fedff74-7525-4b7f-bbb4-4df4e23948e4.
The publication name of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is The AI Magazine.
The publication type of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method are AI Mag, Ai Mag, Ai Magazine.
The publication issn of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is 0738-4602.
The publication url of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method is https://www.aaai.org/Library/Magazine/magazine-library.php.
Publication alternate urls of the paper Understanding political polarization using language models: A dataset and method are https://www.aaai.org/ojs/index.php/aimagazine/, https://www.aaai.org/Magazine/magazine.php.
The paper abstract is Our paper aims to analyze political polarization in US political system using language models, and thereby help candidates make an informed decision. The availability of this information will help voters understand their candidates' views on the economy, healthcare, education, and other social issues. Our main contributions are a dataset extracted from Wikipedia that spans the past 120 years and a language model‐based method that helps analyze how polarized a candidate is. Our data are divided into two parts, background information and political information about a candidate, since our hypothesis is that the political views of a candidate should be based on reason and be independent of factors such as birthplace, alma mater, and so forth. We further split this data into four phases chronologically, to help understand if and how the polarization amongst candidates changes. This data has been cleaned to remove biases. To understand the polarization, we begin by showing results from some classical language models in Word2Vec and Doc2Vec. And then use more powerful techniques like the Longformer, a transformer‐based encoder, to assimilate more information and find the nearest neighbors of each candidate based on their political view and their background. The code and data for the project will be available here: “https://github.com/samirangode/Understanding_Polarization”
