The paper title is What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation?.
The faculty author of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is Lori Levin.
The paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? are Yoshiko Toyoda, Lori S. Levin.
The publication ID of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is cbe72709-293d-4f3b-b78e-5fedb3624054.
The publication name of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is Current Opinion in Organ Transplantation.
The publication type of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is journal.
Publication alternate names of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? are Curr Opin Organ Transplant.
The publication issn of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is 1087-2418.
The publication url of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? is http://www.co-transplantation.com/.
Publication alternate urls of the paper What is needed to ensure long-term sustainability for the field of vascularized composite allotransplantation? are https://journals.lww.com/co-transplantation/pages/default.aspx, https://journals.lww.com/co-transplantation, http://www.co-transplantation.com/pt/re/coorgan/home.htm;jsessionid=Ck32FmrsfwDjfOThY850Nd9KmhDlq3OTyY48JWsn8W73QQKM6DRQ!-1715133107!-949856031!9001!-1.
The paper abstract is The field of vascularized composite allotransplantation (VCA) has demonstrated remarkable advances since its inception with some excellent long-term results in a variety of graft types. However, unlike solid organ transplantation, it has yet to become mainstream. We therefore discuss strategies on ensuring long-term sustainability by addressing continued clinical developments of VCA to improve the risk-to-benefit balance, importance of public support, improved policy and financial support, and need for a bridge to the future of transplant surgery. There has been headway on all fronts and collaboration among the VCA centers for centralization of data and incorporation of patient voices will be essential for continued progress.
