The paper title is Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities.
The faculty author of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities is Maarten Sap.
The paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities are Maria Antoniak, Joel Mire, Maarten Sap, Elliott Ash, Andrew Piper.
The publication ID of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities is 1901e811-ee72-4b20-8f7e-de08cd395a10.
The publication name of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities is arXiv.org.
Publication alternate names of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities are ArXiv.
The publication issn of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities is 2331-8422.
The publication url of the paper Where Do People Tell Stories Online? Story Detection Across Online Communities is https://arxiv.org.
The paper abstract is Story detection in online communities is a challenging task as stories are scattered across communities and interwoven with non-storytelling spans within a single text. We address this challenge by building and releasing the StorySeeker toolkit, including a richly annotated dataset of 502 Reddit posts and comments, a detailed codebook adapted to the social media context, and models to predict storytelling at the document and span level. Our dataset is sampled from hundreds of popular English-language Reddit communities ranging across 33 topic categories, and it contains fine-grained expert annotations, including binary story labels, story spans, and event spans. We evaluate a range of detection methods using our data, and we identify the distinctive textual features of online storytelling, focusing on storytelling span detection, which we introduce as a new task. We illuminate distributional characteristics of storytelling on a large community-centric social media platform, and we also conduct a case study on r/ChangeMyView, where storytelling is used as one of many persuasive strategies, illustrating that our data and models can be used for both inter- and intra-community research. Finally, we discuss implications of our tools and analyses for narratology and the study of online communities.
