The paper title is Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work?.
The faculty author of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? is Graham Neubig.
The paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? publication year is 2023.
Co-authors of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? are Frank F. Xu, Uri Alon, Graham Neubig.
The publication ID of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? is fc0a208c-acb7-47dc-a0d4-af8190e21d29.
The publication name of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? is International Conference on Machine Learning.
The publication type of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? is conference.
Publication alternate names of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? are ICML, Int Conf Mach Learn.
The publication url of the paper Why do Nearest Neighbor Language Models Work? is https://icml.cc/.
The paper abstract is Language models (LMs) compute the probability of a text by sequentially computing a representation of an already-seen context and using this representation to predict the next word. Currently, most LMs calculate these representations through a neural network consuming the immediate previous context. However recently, retrieval-augmented LMs have shown to improve over standard neural LMs, by accessing information retrieved from a large datastore, in addition to their standard, parametric, next-word prediction. In this paper, we set out to understand why retrieval-augmented language models, and specifically why k-nearest neighbor language models (kNN-LMs) perform better than standard parametric LMs, even when the k-nearest neighbor component retrieves examples from the same training set that the LM was originally trained on. To this end, we perform a careful analysis of the various dimensions over which kNN-LM diverges from standard LMs, and investigate these dimensions one by one. Empirically, we identify three main reasons why kNN-LM performs better than standard LMs: using a different input representation for predicting the next tokens, approximate kNN search, and the importance of softmax temperature for the kNN distribution. Further, we incorporate these insights into the model architecture or the training procedure of the standard parametric LM, improving its results without the need for an explicit retrieval component. The code is available at https://github.com/frankxu2004/knnlm-why.
