The title of Yonatan Bisk is Assistant Professor. The email of Yonatan Bisk is ybisk@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Yonatan Bisk is Gates & Hillman Centers. The research areas of Yonatan Bisk is Grounding, RoboNLP, Vision and Language, Embodiment, Unsupervised Learning. 
The title of Ralf Brown is Principal Systems Scientist. The email of Ralf Brown is ralf@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Ralf Brown is 5711 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Ralf Brown is 412-268-8298. The research areas of Ralf Brown is Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics. 
The title of Jamie Callan is Professor and PhD Program Director. The email of Jamie Callan is callan@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Jamie Callan is 5419 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Jamie Callan is 412-268-4525. The research areas of Jamie Callan is Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics. 
The title of Justine Cassell is Professor (On Leave). The email of Justine Cassell is jcassell@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Justine Cassell is 5107 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Justine Cassell is 412-204-6268.  
The title of Mona Diab is LTI Director and Tenured Professor. The email of Mona Diab is mdiab@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Mona Diab is 412-268-3669. 
The title of Fernando Diaz is Associate Professor. The email of Fernando Diaz is diazf@cmu.edu. The phone of Fernando Diaz is 412-268-4229. The research areas of Fernando Diaz is Information Retrieval Recommender Systems, Retrieval and Ranking Models, Natural Language Processing Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Creativity, Evaluation.  
The title of Scott Fahlman is Research Professor Emeritus. The email of Scott Fahlman is sef@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Scott Fahlman is 6417 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Scott Fahlman is 412-268-2575. The research areas of Scott Fahlman is AI, Knowledge Representation and Reasoning, Natural Language Understanding. 
The title of Robert Frederking is Principal Systems Scientist/Associate Dean of Doctoral Programs/MLT Program Director. The email of Robert Frederking is ref@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Robert Frederking is 6515 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Robert Frederking is 412-268-6656.  
The title of Daniel Fried is Assistant Professor. The email of Daniel Fried is dfried@andrew.cmu.edu. The research areas of Daniel Fried is Natural Language Processing Language and Code, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Discourse and Pragmatics, Multimodal AI.  
The title of Anatole Gershman is Distinguished Service Professor. The email of Anatole Gershman is anatole.gershman@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Anatole Gershman is 6415 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Anatole Gershman is 412-268-8259. The research areas of Anatole Gershman is Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering.  
The title of Alexander Hauptmann is Research Professor. The email of Alexander Hauptmann is alex@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Hauptmann is 5519 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Alexander Hauptmann is 412-268-1448. The research areas of Alexander Hauptmann is Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction.  
The title of Daphne Ippolito is Assistant Professor. The email of Daphne Ippolito is daphnei@cmu.edu. The phone of Daphne Ippolito is 412-268-7250. The research areas of Daphne Ippolito is Natural Language Generation, Privacy and Security, Language Technology Application Areas/Issues, Creativity.  
The title of Lori Levin is Research Professor. The email of Lori Levin is lsl@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Lori Levin is 5717 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Lori Levin is 412-268-6193. The research areas of Lori Levin is Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources.  
The title of Lei Li is Assistant Professor. The email of Lei Li is leili@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Lei Li is 412-268-6355. The research areas of Lei Li is Machine Learning, Machine Translation, Large Language Models, AI Drug Discovery.  
The title of Teruko Mitamura is Research Professor. The email of Teruko Mitamura is teruko@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Teruko Mitamura is 6711 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Teruko Mitamura is 412-268-6596. The research areas of Teruko Mitamura is Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics.  
The title of Louis-Philippe Morency is Leonardo Associate Professor of Computer Science. The email of Louis-Philippe Morency is morency@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Louis-Philippe Morency is 5411 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Louis-Philippe Morency is 412-268-5508. The research areas of Louis-Philippe Morency is Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing.  
The title of David Mortensen is Assistant Research Professor. The email of David Mortensen is dmortens@cs.cmu.edu. The office of David Mortensen is 5707 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of David Mortensen is 412-268-2894. The research areas of David Mortensen is Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Corpus Annotation and Resources.  
The title of Graham Neubig is Associate Professor. The email of Graham Neubig is gneubig@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Graham Neubig is 5409 Gates & Hillman Centers. The research areas of Graham Neubig is Machine Translation, Natural Language Processing, Spoken Language Processing, Machine Learning.  
The title of Eric Nyberg is Professor. The email of Eric Nyberg is ehn@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Eric Nyberg is 6715 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Eric Nyberg is 412-268-7281. The research areas of Eric Nyberg is Information Extraction, Summarization and Question Answering, Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education.  
The title of Kemal Oflazer is Teaching Professor of Computer Science. The email of Kemal Oflazer is ko@qatar.cmu.edu. The office of Kemal Oflazer is 1009 Carnegie Mellon - Qatar Campus. The phone of Kemal Oflazer is . "
The title of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Professor. The email of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is bhiksha@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is 6705 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is 412-268-9826. The research areas of Bhiksha Ramakrishnan is Machine Learning, Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing, Privacy.  
The title of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Professor. The email of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is cprose@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is 5415 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is 412-268-7130. The research areas of Carolyn Ros\u00e9 is Information Retrieval, Text Mining and Analytics, Language Technologies for Education, Natural Language Processing and Computational Linguistics, Computer Supported Collaborative Learning/MOOCs.  
The title of Alexander Rudnicky is Research Professor Emeritus. The email of Alexander Rudnicky is alex.rudnicky@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Rudnicky is 6511 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Alexander Rudnicky is 412-268-2622. The research areas of Alexander Rudnicky is Multimodal Computing and Interaction, Speech Processing, Spoken Interfaces and Dialogue Processing.  
The title of Maarten Sap is Assistant Professor. The email of Maarten Sap is msap2@andrew.cmu.edu. The research areas of Maarten Sap is Fairness and Ethics in Language Technology, Computational Social Science, Discourse and Pragmatics, Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue.  
The title of Michael Shamos is Distinguished Career Professor. The email of Michael Shamos is shamos@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Michael Shamos is 6707 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Michael Shamos is 412-268-8193.  
The title of Rita Singh is Associate Research Professor. The email of Rita Singh is rsingh@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Rita Singh is 6703 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Rita Singh is 412-268-9859.  
The title of Emma Strubell is Assistant Professor. The email of Emma Strubell is estrubel@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Emma Strubell is Gates & Hillman Centers.  
The title of Alexander Waibel is Professor. The email of Alexander Waibel is waibel@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Alexander Waibel is 205 407 South Craig Street. The phone of Alexander Waibel is 412-268-7676. The research areas of Alexander Waibel is Spoken Language Translation, Machine Translation, Speech Processing, Neural Networks, Machine Learning, Multimodal Interaction, Dialog Processing.  
The title of Shinji Watanabe is Associate Professor. The email of Shinji Watanabe is swatanab@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Shinji Watanabe is 412-268-3687. The research areas of Shinji Watanabe is Natural Language Processing Conversational AI, Intelligent Agents, and Dialogue, Speech Processing (ASR, Speech Synthesis) Speech Recognition, Speech Synthesis, Multilingual/Low-Resource Speech Processing, Speech-to-Speech Translation, Speech Enhancement / Robust Speech Processing.  
The title of Sean Welleck is Assistant Professor (Starting January 2024). The email of Sean Welleck is swelleck@andrew.cmu.edu.  
The title of Eric P. Xing is Professor (On Leave). The email of Eric P. Xing is epxing@andrew.cmu.edu. The office of Eric P. Xing is 8101 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Eric P. Xing is 412-268-2559.  
The title of Chenyan Xiong is Associate Professor. The email of Chenyan Xiong is cx@andrew.cmu.edu. The phone of Chenyan Xiong is 412-268-7641.  
The title of Yiming Yang is Professor. The email of Yiming Yang is yiming@cs.cmu.edu. The office of Yiming Yang is 6717 Gates & Hillman Centers. The phone of Yiming Yang is 412-268-1364. "