"The course 48519 is Architecture Design Studio: Thesis II/ Independent Project and is VAR units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48599 is Independent Study and is 3-9 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48600 is ASO Studio General and is 18.0 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Ficca, Bard.",
"The course 48700 is Practicum and is 0-36 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Cupkova.",
"The course 48703 is Master's Project and is 18-36 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48704 is Internship (MS & PhD) and is 0-18 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Cochran, Lee, Bard, Loftness, Krishnamurti, Cupkova, Cardoso Llach.",
"The course 48731 is Sustainable Design Synthesis Prep and is 1-18 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48732 is Sustainable Design Synthesis and is 0,12,24 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Cupkova.",
"The course 48736 is Master's Independent Study and is 0-99 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Lee, Cochran.",
"The course 48769 is Thesis/Project and is VAR units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Cardoso Llach.",
"The course 48785 is MAAD Research by Design Project and is 18.0 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48791 is M.S. Project and is 0-99 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Krishnamurti, Kim.",
"The course 48792 is Ph.D. Independent Study and is 0-99 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rehman.",
"The course 48793 is Ph.D. Thesis and is 0-99 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 48794 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 5,36,48 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 60399 is Art History/Theory Independent Study and is 9.0 units. It is in the Art department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 60499 is Studio Independent Study and is 5-10 units. It is in the Art department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 03132 is Basic Science to Modern Medicine and is 9.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mccartney.",
"The course 03210 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Willard.",
"The course 03445 is Undergraduate Research and is 1-18 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 03600 is Biotechnology or Biopharmaceutical Engineering Internship and is 3.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is McGuier, Brasier.",
"The course 03699 is MS Research and is VAR units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Brasier.",
"The course 03700 is MS Thesis Research and is 6-36 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Brasier.",
"The course 03900 is Doctoral Thesis Research and is 5-36 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hinman.",
"The course 42300 is Junior BME Research Project and is 3-12 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Zapanta.",
"The course 42400 is Senior BME Research Project and is 3-18 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Zapanta.",
"The course 42790 is Practicum in Biomedical Engineering and is 12.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Chalacheva.",
"The course 42799 is Directed Study and is 3-9 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rakach.",
"The course 42882 is Tissue Engineering and is 12.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on Wednesday from 07:00PM to 08:30PM in CMU REMOTE at Unknown Location. The instructor is Palchesko.",
"The course 42890 is M.S. Research and is 9-48 4 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rakach.",
"The course 42899 is M.S. Research Final Report and is 0.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rakach.",
"The course 42990 is Ph.D. Thesis Research and is 3-48 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rakach.",
"The course 42997 is Ph.D. Qualifying Examination and is 0.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Chase.",
"The course 42998 is Ph.D. Proposal and is 0.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rakach.",
"The course 42999 is Ph.D Thesis Defense and is 0.0 units. It is in the Biomedical Engineering department. The Session meets on Wednesday from 07:00PM to 08:15PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Lamont.",
"The course 46999 is MSCF Summer Internship and is 3.0 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at New York, New York. The instructor is Simon, Paljevic.",
"The course 47900 is Tepper PhD and is 1-36 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 47995 is Graduate Reading & Research and is 12,36 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rapp.",
"The course 47998 is Tepper PhD Internship and is 3-36 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in TEP 2612 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Shen.",
"The course 70311 is Organizational Behavior and is 9.0 units. It is in the Business Administration department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in TEP 2612 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 70371 is Operations Management and is 9.0 units. It is in the Business Administration department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in TEP 2612 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Feng.",
"The course 70391 is Finance and is 9.0 units. It is in the Business Administration department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in TEP 2701 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 70417 is Topics in Entrepreneurship and is 9.0 units. It is in the Business Administration department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 39405 is CIT Leadership Independent Study and is 9.0 units. It is in the CIT Interdisciplinary department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Bruder.",
"The course 99405 is Summer Directed Study and is 3-12 units. It is in the Carnegie Mellon University-Wide Studies department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mozisek.",
"The course 99409 is Summer Research and is 1.0 units. It is in the Carnegie Mellon University-Wide Studies department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mozisek.",
"The course 99411 is Summer Internship and is 9-36 units. It is in the Carnegie Mellon University-Wide Studies department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Mitchell.",
"The course 99412 is Summer Internship and is 1.0 units. It is in the Carnegie Mellon University-Wide Studies department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday from 04:30PM to 05:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Vitone, Mitchell.",
"The course 06400 is Senior Research Project and is 3-36 units. It is in the Chemical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Laird.",
"The course 06405 is Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Chemical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Laird.",
"The course 06600 is Masters Chemical Engineering Project and is 1-48 units. It is in the Chemical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Laird.",
"The course 06803 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Chemical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Laird.",
"The course 09050 is Study Abroad and is 0.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09106 is Modern Chemistry II and is 10.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 2302 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sherwood.",
"The course 09217 is Organic Chemistry I and is 9.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in DH 2302 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Silva.",
"The course 09435 is Independent Study Chemistry and is 1.0 - 12.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09445 is Undergraduate Research and is 3-18 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09861 is Chemical Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Noonan.",
"The course 09871 is Doctoral Dissertation and is 5.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Noonan.",
"The course 12791 is Graduate Project and is 0-99 units. It is in the Civil & Environmental Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 12792 is Advanced Independent Study and is 0-99 units. It is in the Civil & Environmental Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Akinci.",
"The course 12799 is Ph.D. Thesis and is 0-99 units. It is in the Civil & Environmental Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 12993 is Reading and Research in Civil and Environmental Engineering and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Civil & Environmental Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 12995 is Internship in Civil and Environmental Engineering and is 1-36 units. It is in the Civil & Environmental Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 02700 is M.S. Thesis Research and is 1-12 units. It is in the Computational Biology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 02900 is Ph.D. Thesis Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Computational Biology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stenger.",
"The course 15112 is Fundamentals of Programming and Computer Science and is 12.0 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on U and Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 11:00AM to 12:30PM in TBA at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 15150 is Principles of Functional Programming and is 12.0 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in GHC CLSTR at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Grodin.",
"The course 15213 is Introduction to Computer Systems and is 12.0 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in SH 105 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Railing.",
"The course 15513 is Introduction to Computer Systems and is 6,12 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Railing.",
"The course 15591 is Independent Study in Computer Science and is 3-18 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is O'Hallaron, Eckhardt.",
"The course 15689 is Independent Study in the Computer Sciences and is 3-12 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is O'Hallaron, Eckhardt.",
"The course 15697 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is O'Hallaron, Eckhardt.",
"The course 15698 is MSCS Research Thesis and is 1-36 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Eckhardt.",
"The course 15997 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 1-60 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Crary.",
"The course 51850 is Design Thesis Project and is VAR units. It is in the Design department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rohrbach.",
"The course 66501 is Dietrich College Senior Honors Thesis I and is 9.0 units. It is in the Dietrich College Interdisciplinary department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 66502 is Dietrich College Senior Honors Thesis II and is 9.0 units. It is in the Dietrich College Interdisciplinary department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Freeman.",
"The course 54191 is Acting for Non-Majors and is 9.0 units. It is in the Drama department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in PCA 321 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 54597 is Graduate Reading & Research and is 5.0 units. It is in the Drama department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Nichols.",
"The course 18390 is ECE CO-OP and is 0-3 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 18580 is Undergraduate Projects and is VAR units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18613 is Foundations of Computer Systems and is 12.0 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 06:30AM to 07:50AM in CMU REMOTE at San Jose, California. The instructor is Kesden.",
"The course 18980 is M.S. Graduate Project I and is 0-48 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18990 is Reading and Research and is 0-48 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18994 is Internship for Electrical and Computer Engineering MS Students and is 3.0 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18996 is Internship one for Electrical and Computer Engineering PhD Students and is VAR units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Lisbon, Portugal. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18997 is Internship Two for Electrical and Computer Engineering PhD Students and is VAR units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Lisbon, Portugal. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 18998 is Internship Three Electrical and Computer Engineering PhD Students and is VAR units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Lisbon, Portugal. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 19500 is Directed Study in EPP: Undergraduate and is 0-12 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Matthews.",
"The course 19550 is Undergraduate Research and is 0-12 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Matthews.",
"The course 19690 is M.S. Project and is 3-12 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Matthews, Yu.",
"The course 19770 is Research Practicum in EPP and is 0,5,18,36 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Matthews, Muller.",
"The course 19797 is Reading and Research: Project Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Muller, Matthews.",
"The course 19798 is Reading and Research: Thesis Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Turnshek.",
"The course 76239 is Introduction to Film Studies and is 9.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Shumway.",
"The course 76241 is Introduction to Gender Studies and is 9.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 08:00AM to 09:20AM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gordon.",
"The course 76456 is Independent Study in Film & Media Studies and is VAR units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hinkelman.",
"The course 76707 is Independent Study in Professional Writing and is 3-18 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Ritivoi.",
"The course 76824 is Theory and Design of Writing Instruction and is 12.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wetzel.",
"The course 76900 is Independent Study in Rhetoric and is 3-18 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wolfe.",
"The course 76990 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 36.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 53689 is Entertainment Technology Center Independent Study and is 3-30 units. It is in the Entertainment Technology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 53999 is ETC Reading and Research and is 3-36 units. It is in the Entertainment Technology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 79491 is Independent Study and is 3-18 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 79893 is History Dissertation and is 5-36 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Phillips.",
"The course 79896 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 36.0 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 05672 is MHCI Project II and is 48.0 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Thursday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in 3SC 172 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Beck, Guidi, Hammer, Levin-Decanini, Saunders, Shelly, Tsai, Vinchesi, Wahila.",
"The course 05680 is Independent Study in HCI - METALS and is VAR units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Bett, Bodnar.",
"The course 05682 is METALS Project 2 and is 48.0 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on Wednesday from 03:30PM to 05:20PM in TEP 1403 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is McLaren, Koedinger.",
"The course 05683 is METALS Capstone II Part I and is 24.0 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on Wednesday from 03:30PM to 05:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is McLaren, Koedinger.",
"The course 05689 is Independent Study in HCI - Grad and is 0-48 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Bigham, Kravitz.",
"The course 05997 is Reading and Research in HCI and is 24-48 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 14700 is INI Project/Thesis Research and is 0-36 units. It is in the Information Networking Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tsamitis.",
"The course 14706 is Information Networking Project and is 0-42 units. It is in the Information Networking Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tsamitis.",
"The course 14707 is Information Networking Thesis and is 6-42 units. It is in the Information Networking Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tsamitis.",
"The course 14708 is INI Independent Study and is 0-12 units. It is in the Information Networking Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Tsamitis.",
"The course 14709 is INI Project-Japan and is 0-42 units. It is in the Information Networking Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tsamitis.",
"The course 67357 is Healthcare Analytics and Big Data and is 9.0 units. It is in the Information Systems Program department. The Session meets on U and Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 11:00AM to 12:30PM in CMB 2062 at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Liginlal.",
"The course 67390 is Independent Study in Information Systems and is 1-12 units. It is in the Information Systems Program department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hagan.",
"The course 67393 is Guided Research in Information Systems and is VAR units. It is in the Information Systems Program department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Liginlal.",
"The course 67505 is Information Systems Internship and is 1-3 units. It is in the Information Systems Program department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95565 is Introduction to Information Security and is 9.0 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Thursday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in HBH 1004 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Trzeciak.",
"The course 95568 is Data Management and Security and is 9.0 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Thursday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in HBH 1004 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sooriamurthi.",
"The course 95705 is Telecommunications Management and is 12.0 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yucel.",
"The course 95720 is Information Systems Project and is 0-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95752 is Introduction to Information Security Management and is 12.0 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Trzeciak.",
"The course 95901 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95902 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95903 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95904 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95905 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95906 is Independent Study and is 6.0 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95907 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95908 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95909 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95910 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95911 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95912 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95913 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95914 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 95915 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Information Systems:Sch of IS & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 84499 is Independent Study and is 3-12 units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 84505 is Undergraduate Internship and is 3,6,9 units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Half.",
"The course 84705 is CMIST Graduate Internship and is VAR units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gardner.",
"The course 84781 is MITS Capstone Project and is 36.0 units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on Monday from 10:00AM to 10:50AM in PH A19 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gardner.",
"The course 84798 is Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 84799 is Graduate Thesis and is 18.0 units. It is in the Institute for Politics and Strategy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 49601 is Innovation of Services & Experiences and is 10.0 units. It is in the Integrated Innovation Institute department. The Session meets on Thursday from 08:00PM to 09:30PM in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Zlotnikov.",
"The course 49602 is Designing for Production and Sustainability and is 10.0 units. It is in the Integrated Innovation Institute department. The Session meets on Monday from 08:00PM to 09:30PM in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 49603 is Cyber-Physical Product Design and is 10.0 units. It is in the Integrated Innovation Institute department. The Session meets on Tuesday from 08:00PM to 09:30PM in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 49790 is Software Management Independent Study and is 3,6,12,24 units. It is in the Integrated Innovation Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Mercier.",
"The course 49791 is Software Management Capstone Project and is 3,6,12,24 units. It is in the Integrated Innovation Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at San Jose, California. The instructor is Mercier.",
"The course 11633 is MCDS Independent Study and is 3-36 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rose.",
"The course 11637 is Foundations of Computational Data Science and is 12.0 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on Tuesday from 08:00AM to 09:20AM in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rose, Han.",
"The course 11910 is Directed Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Frederking, Callan.",
"The course 11920 is Independent Study: Breadth and is 1-48 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Callan, Frederking.",
"The course 11925 is Independent Study: Area and is 1-48 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 11927 is MIIS Capstone Project and is 36.0 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 11930 is Dissertation Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Callan.",
"The course 11935 is LTI Practicum and is 1-36 units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Frederking.",
"The course 11936 is PhD Internship and is VAR units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 38110 is ENGAGE in Service and is 1.0 units. It is in the MCS Interdisciplinary department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hovis.",
"The course 38220 is ENGAGE in the Arts and is 2.0 units. It is in the MCS Interdisciplinary department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hovis.",
"The course 10500 is Senior Research Project and is 6,12 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gormley.",
"The course 10520 is Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gormley.",
"The course 10601 is Introduction to Machine Learning (Master's) and is 12.0 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in SH 105 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Chai.",
"The course 10620 is Independent Study: Research and is 6,12 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Shah.",
"The course 10697 is Reading and Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Shah.",
"The course 10920 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 12-48 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mitchell.",
"The course 10930 is Dissertation Research and is 5-48 units. It is in the Machine Learning department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mitchell.",
"The course 27454 is Supervised Reading and is 3-12 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Houser.",
"The course 27555 is Materials Project I and is 6,9 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Houser.",
"The course 27556 is Materials Project II and is 6,9 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Houser.",
"The course 27675 is Masters Report and is 0.0 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Houser.",
"The course 27756 is Masters Project and is 1-99 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Houser.",
"The course 27773 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Dickey, Smith.",
"The course 27775 is Thesis and is 1-99 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Dickey.",
"The course 27995 is Internship and is 1-48 units. It is in the Materials Science & Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Dickey.",
"The course 21122 is Integration and Approximation and is 10.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on U and Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 11:00AM to 12:30PM in TBA at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 21127 is Concepts of Mathematics and is 12.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in SH 105 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Abdelghany.",
"The course 21241 is Matrices and Linear Transformations and is 12.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in BH A36 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Handron.",
"The course 21259 is Calculus in Three Dimensions and is 10.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in MM 103 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Johnson.",
"The course 21260 is Differential Equations and is 9.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in HH B103 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Handron.",
"The course 21325 is Probability and is 9.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in DH 1211 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Newman.",
"The course 21355 is Principles of Real Analysis I and is 9.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 1211 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Flaherty.",
"The course 21599 is Undergraduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 21900 is Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Conley.",
"The course 21901 is Master's Degree Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 21902 is Doctoral Thesis Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Conley.",
"The course 24391 is Mechanical Engineering Project and is 3-12,18 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24392 is Mechanical Engineering Project and is 3-18 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24491 is Department Research Honors and is 3-24 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24492 is Department Research Honors and is 3-24 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24793 is Supervised Reading and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24794 is Master of Science Project and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24796 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 92897 is Health Care Quality and is 4.0 units. It is in the Medical Management:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Block.",
"The course 82103 is Elementary French I Online and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Niang.",
"The course 82133 is Elementary Chinese Online I and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82134 is Elementary Chinese Online II and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82139 is Chinese Language, Culture and Society and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82146 is Intensive Spanish Language and Culture: Elementary Level and is 3-18 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82171 is Elementary Japanese I and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 08:00AM to 09:20AM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Zhan.",
"The course 82172 is Elementary Japanese II and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82272 is Intermediate Japanese II and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in PH 125B at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82275 is Queer Representations in Contemporary Literature and Culture from Japan and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Lowy.",
"The course 82277 is Tutoring for Community Outreach and is VAR units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in TBD TBD at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 82278 is Japanese Film and Literature: The Art of Storytelling and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Zhan.",
"The course 82279 is Anime - Visual Interplay between Japan and the World and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82283 is Language Diversity & Cultural Identity and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH 126A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 82293 is Russian Cinema: From the Bolshevik Revolution to Putin's Russia and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in PH A19 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Kats.",
"The course 82295 is 20th Century Russian Masterpieces and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in PH A19 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Kats.",
"The course 82346 is Intensive Spanish Language and Culture: Advanced Level and is 18,24 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82372 is Advanced Japanese II and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on U and Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 03:00PM to 04:30PM in TBA at Doha, Qatar. The instructor is Al Masaeed.",
"The course 82444 is The Structure of Spanish and is 6.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82451 is Studies in Latin American Literature and Culture and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82505 is Undergraduate Internship and is 1-18 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 82988 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 82989 is Second Language Acquisition Dissertation Research and is 3-36 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 57173 is Survey of Western Music History and is 9.0 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday from 09:00AM to 10:50AM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Johnston.",
"The course 57188 is Repertoire and Listening for Musicians and is 1.0 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Johnston.",
"The course 57690 is Practicum and is 0-3 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 86800 is PhD Thesis Research and is 6-60 units. It is in the Neuroscience Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stupka.",
"The course 80210 is Logic and Proofs and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Thursday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in PH 226C at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Fechtner.",
"The course 80211 is Logic and Mathematical Inquiry and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in PH 126A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sheng.",
"The course 80212 is Arguments and Logical Analysis and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH 226C at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Milner.",
"The course 80495 is Independent Study and is 3,6,9,12 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 80990 is Directed Reading and is 3-36 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 80991 is Thesis Research and is 5-18,24 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 80998 is Reading and Research and is VAR units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Bjorndahl.",
"The course 33104 is Experimental Physics and is 9.0 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 03:20PM in DH A331 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Anderson.",
"The course 33124 is Introduction to Astronomy and is 9.0 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in WEH 8427 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Turnshek.",
"The course 33141 is Physics I for Engineering Students and is 12.0 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 01:20PM in DH 1212 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Collins.",
"The course 33142 is Physics II for Engineering and Physics Students and is 12.0 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 02:50PM in HH B131 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 33495 is Internship and is 3-36 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Dodelson.",
"The course 33997 is Graduate Laboratory and is 1-36 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Deserno.",
"The course 33998 is Thesis Research and is 1-36 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Crittenden.",
"The course 85480 is Internship in Clinical Psychology and is 6-12 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Crittenden.",
"The course 85482 is Internship in Psychology and is 3-12 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Thiessen.",
"The course 85781 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 91889 is Internship and is 0-6 units. It is in the Public Management:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90452 is Applied Statistics for Public Policy and is 9.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday from 02:00PM to 03:50PM in HBH 1007 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90454 is Applied Economics and is 9.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday from 10:00AM to 11:50AM in HBH 1007 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Benedict.",
"The course 90471 is Poverty and Social Policies and is 6.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on Tuesday and Thursday from 10:00AM to 11:20AM in HBH 1007 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Borzutzky.",
"The course 90490 is Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90701 is Practicum and is 1-36 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90900 is Internship and is 0.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90925 is Ph.D. Readings and Research and is 1-36 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Gaynor.",
"The course 90932 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Borzutzky.",
"The course 90934 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Borzutzky.",
"The course 90935 is Independent Study and is 6.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Padman.",
"The course 90936 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Kurland.",
"The course 90937 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Crawford.",
"The course 90938 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90939 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90940 is Independent Study and is 1-36 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90941 is Independent Study and is 6.0 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90942 is Independent Study and is 1-24 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 90943 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Public Policy & Mgt:Sch of Pub Pol & Mgt department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 16597 is Undergraduate Reading and Research and is 0-48 units. It is in the Robotics department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 16995 is Independent Study and is 0-36 units. It is in the Robotics department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wettergreen.",
"The course 16997 is Reading and Research in Robotics and is 0-48 units. It is in the Robotics department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wettergreen.",
"The course 88398 is Independent Study and is 1-18 units. It is in the Social & Decision Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 88399 is Undergraduate Research and is 1-18 units. It is in the Social & Decision Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Golman.",
"The course 88505 is Undergraduate Internship and is 1-9 units. It is in the Social & Decision Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Angermeier, Chapman.",
"The course 88998 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 0-36 units. It is in the Social & Decision Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Angermeier.",
"The course 17607 is Privacy by Design Practicum and is VAR units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Habib.",
"The course 17608 is Privacy Engineering Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Habib.",
"The course 17609 is Internship for Privacy Engineering and is 3.0 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Habib.",
"The course 17672 is Studio Project II and is 36.0 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Berardone.",
"The course 17679 is Thesis Writing for Industrial Software Research and is 6.0 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Breaux.",
"The course 17699 is Independent Study and is 3-27 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Breaux.",
"The course 17802 is Societal Computing Pre-Thesis and is 6.0 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Agarwal.",
"The course 17993 is Societal Computing Graduate Reading and Research and is VAR units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Christin.",
"The course 17996 is Societal Computing Independent Study and is VAR units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Park.",
"The course 17997 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 36225 is Introduction to Probability Theory and is 9.0 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in BH A36 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 36315 is Statistical Graphics and Visualization and is 9.0 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in PH 226C at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 36495 is Independent Study and is 0-36 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 36995 is Reading and Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Lee, Ventura."