"The course 48731 is Sustainable Design Synthesis Prep and is 1-18 units. It is in the Architecture department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 60590 is Internship and is 1-9 units. It is in the Art department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 03124 is Modern Biology Laboratory and is 9.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday from 12:00PM to 02:50PM in MI SOCIAL at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Doonan.",
"The course 03132 is Basic Science to Modern Medicine and is 9.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in WEH 5202 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Mccartney.",
"The course 03133 is Neurobiology of Disease and is 9.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 1211 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Brasier.",
"The course 03210 is Independent Study and is 1-12 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Willard.",
"The course 03232 is Biochemistry I and is 9.0 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in WEH 4709 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rule.",
"The course 03445 is Undergraduate Research and is 1-18 units. It is in the Biological Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Willard.",
"The course 47995 is Graduate Reading & Research and is 12,36 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Rapp.",
"The course 47998 is Tepper PhD Internship and is 3-36 units. It is in the None department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in TEP 2612 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wang.",
"The course 09050 is Study Abroad and is 0.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09105 is Introduction to Modern Chemistry I and is 10.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 2302 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sherwood.",
"The course 09218 is Organic Chemistry II and is 9.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 1112 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 09435 is Independent Study Chemistry and is 1.0 - 12.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09445 is Undergraduate Research and is 3-18 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Stump.",
"The course 09861 is Chemical Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Noonan.",
"The course 09871 is Doctoral Dissertation and is 5.0 units. It is in the Chemistry department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 15112 is Fundamentals of Programming and Computer Science and is 12.0 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in SH 105 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sands.",
"The course 15122 is Principles of Imperative Computation and is 12.0 units. It is in the Computer Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in TEP 1403 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Kohlbrenner.",
"The course 54495 is Internship and is 9-36 units. It is in the Drama department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 18990 is Reading and Research and is 0-48 units. It is in the Electrical & Computer Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Bain.",
"The course 19798 is Reading and Research: Thesis Research and is 5,18,36 units. It is in the Engineering & Public Policy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH A18A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Dieterich.",
"The course 76221 is Books You Should Have Read By Now and is 9.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH 126A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Jo.",
"The course 76245 is Shakespeare: Tragedies & Histories and is 9.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wittek.",
"The course 76270 is Writing for the Professions and is 9.0 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is George.",
"The course 76706 is Editing and Publishing and is 9-12 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 76707 is Independent Study in Professional Writing and is 3-18 units. It is in the English department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 79150 is Medieval Science, Magic, and Wonders of Nature and is 9.0 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Garnhart-bushakra.",
"The course 79155 is Introduction to African American Studies and is 9.0 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hingorani.",
"The course 79172 is Race, Caste, Class, and Difference in the United States and India and is 9.0 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hingorani.",
"The course 79491 is Independent Study and is 3-18 units. It is in the History department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 05684 is METALS Capstone II Part II and is 24.0 units. It is in the Human-Computer Interaction department. The Session meets on Wednesday from 03:30PM to 05:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is McLaren, Koedinger.",
"The course 11936 is PhD Internship and is VAR units. It is in the Language Technologies Institute department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 21127 is Concepts of Mathematics and is 12.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in DH 1212 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Resende.",
"The course 21241 is Matrices and Linear Transformations and is 12.0 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in HH B103 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Koganemaru.",
"The course 21599 is Undergraduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mathematical Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 24392 is Mechancial Engineering Project and is 3-18 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24491 is Department Research Honors and is 3-24 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24492 is Department Research Honors and is 3-24 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 24796 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Mechanical Engineering department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hertz.",
"The course 82114 is Arabic for Global Exchange Online and is 6.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Al Masaeed.",
"The course 82133 is Elementary Chinese Online I and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82134 is Elementary Chinese Online II and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82139 is Chinese Language, Culture and Society and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Wu.",
"The course 82143 is Elementary Spanish I Online and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82144 is Elementary Spanish II Online and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Tardio.",
"The course 82171 is Elementary Japanese I and is 12.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH A19A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82183 is AI for Humanities: The Multi-dimensions of World Languages, Arts, and Cultures and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 09:30AM to 10:50AM in PH 225B at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Su, Zhao.",
"The course 82269 is Immersive Digital Storytelling:Using VR/AR to Explore, Language Culture Identity and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in TEP 1024 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is DeYoung, Liu, Caspar.",
"The course 82278 is Japanese Film and Literature: The Art of Storytelling and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in PH A21 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82279 is Anime - Visual Interplay between Japan and the World and is 9.0 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 12:30PM to 01:50PM in PH A21 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Yasuhara.",
"The course 82789 is Guided Research and is 3-36 units. It is in the Modern Languages department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday from 06:30PM to 07:50PM in CFA A6 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is .",
"The course 57342 is Sound Recording Workshop and is 6.0 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday from 06:30PM to 07:50PM in CFA A6 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sullivan, Tchetchko.",
"The course 57857 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Young, Shields, Neely.",
"The course 57858 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Young, Neely.",
"The course 57859 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Neely, Young.",
"The course 57878 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Young, Neely, Shields.",
"The course 57879 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Young, Neely, Shields.",
"The course 57880 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Neely, Young, Shields.",
"The course 57939 is Dalcroze Eurhythmics Workshop and is 3-36 units. It is in the Music department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 80130 is Introduction to Ethics and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in PH A19A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Pasetes.",
"The course 80211 is Logic and Mathematical Inquiry and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in PH A21 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Hua.",
"The course 80212 is Arguments and Logical Analysis and is 9.0 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 03:30PM to 04:50PM in PH 126A at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Sink.",
"The course 80495 is Independent Study and is 3,6,9,12 units. It is in the Philosophy department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 04:20PM in CMU REMOTE at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Klein.",
"The course 33997 is Graduate Laboratory and is 1-36 units. It is in the Physics department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in BH A36 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Cox-Boyd.",
"The course 85482 is Internship in Psychology and is 3-12 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Thiessen.",
"The course 85505 is Readings In Psychology and is 3-12 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Oppenheimer.",
"The course 85781 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 0-99 units. It is in the Psychology department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Downs.",
"The course 88505 is Undergraduate Internship and is 1-9 units. It is in the Social & Decision Sciences department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in DNM DNM at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Christin.",
"The course 17997 is Graduate Reading and Research and is 1-48 units. It is in the Software & Societal Systems department. The Session meets on TBA from  to  in TBA at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Kaestner.",
"The course 36202 is Methods for Statistics & Data Science and is 9.0 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Wednesday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in BH A36 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Weinberg.",
"The course 36226 is Introduction to Statistical Inference and is 9.0 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 11:00AM to 12:20PM in WEH 5415 at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA.",
"The course 36350 is Statistical Computing and is 9.0 units. It is in the Statistics and Data Science department. The Session meets on Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday and Thursday and Friday from 02:00PM to 03:20PM in PH 226C at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. The instructor is Instructor TBA."
